-gIVoMNqvKWcBpQkpg-10w
Red House Pub
33.4551692
-112.0868063
4.5
1028 W Grand Ave Phoenix, AZ 85007
85007
13
Pubs
Bars
Nightlife
Good For Dancing
Happy Hour
Has TV
Outdoor Seating
Coat Check
hipster
background_music
live
Accepts Credit Cards
Good For Groups
0
7
0
Super friendly and amazingly quaint, little spot on Grand! Great beer and wine list with fantastic service, Corey was a great bartender! We're so happy that something has opened in this area and the art gallery is also a fantastic spot. I have high hopes for this place and advise others to come out to support this local establishment.
1
Great little spot to grab a beer or 5! The bartender was very friendly and attentive. We spent the majority of our time at the fire pit outside and the bartender continued to refill our drinks without being asked. I will definitely be back!
0
A great spot to chill with a late afternoon cocktail or late night party spot. Would highly recommend to friends. Whether you want and ice cold can of PBR or a perfect glass of California red wine after the art walk, this place has it all! Come check it out!
0
This place has a great look and excellent beer and wine selection.  Prices are very reasonable and the staff is very friendly.  No attitude here!!  Will definitely be back again to relax and enjoy my new favorite spot.  Great Saturday wine bar stop!!
0
I like that in a world of pretentious watering holes, Red House Pub is simple. Chairs, tables, a nice patio, good selection of wines and beers. They do need to get some nice sake flasks and be competitive with their sake pricing. A long shot of sake from an inauspicious brand should not cost as much as it did. Better to raise the price a buck and have some sake sets. Their fire pits are a real delight this time of year. I look forward to coming by when they have live music.
1
Cash only bugs me in the modern age, and the bartenders spent quite a bit of time focusing on their friends rather than providing service. It was okay but way too hipster-esque to have much fun, and the seating area is TINY. If you're not in the "in crowd" when you arrive you might feel like you're intruding on someone else's private party. We won't be back.
0
Great neighborhood hot spot. Always friendly and helpful staff. Love the intimate space and use of patio space.
