-ntkzXz9IpDkH588QRzazQ
Pizza Hut
43.1315544
-89.3019595
2.5
2649 E Springs Dr Madison, WI 53704
53704
14
Restaurants
Pizza
Italian
Take-out
Outdoor Seating
Caters
Delivery
Has TV
Takes Reservations
Waiter Service
Accepts Credit Cards
Good for Kids
Good For Groups
Wheelchair Accessible
0
7
0
Oh yeah, that's why I never go to Pizza Hut.
0
Seems every year or so I have to go to Pizza hut just to remember how bad it really is. Honestly I don't know how that can call that baked stick of butter with cheese one it Pizza. While this location was at least clean and the staff was very friendly there is no getting past just how bad pizza hut pizza really is. The pizza at pizza hut taste like it is frozen and reheated. If you have to have it this location is great. If you have any taste in pizza you will just starve yourself and drive to chicago and get a real pie.
0
I would not recommend the Wednesday night buffet. About every 20 minutes they replenish the buffet with a random medium size pizza that of which the entire restaurant flocks to. There were numerous times when all the pizza was gone and the salad bar was the only food to be found. On a lighter note the staff is nice and the place was clean.
0
Pizza is better than most.  Try the buffet for lunch.  It's a bargain.
1
The food wasn't the problem, had the buffet on a Saturday afternoon, and there was plenty of pizza, breadsticks, salad, etc. But I was unaware that I should have brought my own 2 liter of pop. The waitress, Carolynne was BAD, never came to the table at ALL. But did stop at one of the tables near by many times. Now she maybe a good waitress but if she's has more than 1 table your in trouble!!!
0
Greasy pizza and breadsticks.  I used to love this stuff as a kid, but now it gives me the runs.  There is better pizza out there....
3
Is it possible to rate a zero?  I will try... We came here tonight because the kids wanted some pizza...  The hostess (a middle-aged blonde -haired woman with a lot of miles on her face) looked at us, and immediately looked away.  She then commented to the kitchen worker, "I don't believe this crap!  I just cleaned out the buffet!"  She refused to wait on is and continued complaining, "Don't these people have homes!?"   Umm, yes, we have homes, but enjoy a meal out from time to time...  What a terribly managed restaurant this must be to allow a waste of oxygen like her to have a job... We walked out and went to Red Ronin where the experience was 180 degrees in the opposite direction!
