0oejz-M1x1Uf01lxAkLS-w
Pearle Vision
36.1634463
-115.0616991
3.5
230 N Nellis Blvd Sunrise Las Vegas, NV 89110
89110
3
Shopping
Eyewear & Opticians
Accepts Credit Cards
0
3
1
First time customer. I only went there to look for the cheapest pair of glasses, and walked out with a placed order of raybans for my 8 year old. I went to a different optometrist to get her exam done, friendly but does not compare to this business. Employees are very friendly and helpful. I delt with the supervisor whom was fantastic with kids. Very understanding ! The explained everything , and gave me a variety of options. I could not had ask for a better experience.
0
Not a lot of frames to choose from, however the service and staff are great! Visited Pearle Vision for the first time just three weeks ago. My eyes have been giving me a hard time and I finally had enough. The check-in process was simple and straight forward. The Doctor answered all of my questions and the exam seemed thorough.  While the selection of frames appears to be a bit limited (or maybe not?) it is more than made up for in service. Nicole and Marissa in particular have helped me address some minor hiccups with my purchase. They've gone above and beyond. It is truly appreciated.  Thank you!
0
If you are looking for eye care professionals who make their patients needs a priority then please look somewhere else.  After being charged extra charges beyond what we were initially told, we were patient and accepted the charges because of the promise for a speedy delivery on the lenses since we would be leaving the country soon.  Well it seems that this was also a mistake since they waited two weeks to even put the order in for my wife's replacement lenses.  Now we will embarking on our honeymoon without an updated set of contact lenses thanks to their terrible customer service and lies about speedy delivery.  After we receive my wife's overpriced lenses we will be taking our business somewhere else, please take my advice and seek eyecare needs elsewhere. I would give 0 stars if I could.
