2KGjkCfKeXF5j6rNdoW8LA
Fantastic Sams
33.6251792
-111.9404813
4.0
6501 E Greenway Pkwy Ste 152 Scottsdale, AZ 85254
85254
5
Hair Salons
Beauty & Spas
By Appointment Only
Accepts Credit Cards
Good for Kids
0
4
2
Great service, friendly staff.  Very cheap for haircut if you bring a coupon with you.  They are running s special deal right now for men's haircut, if you go on Wednesdays, it's only $13 (no coupon needed).  And they don't accept appointments, but you may call ahead and request your favorite hair stylist in advance if you prefer.
1
New owners great staff! Price is awesome.
0
Chick was nice and friendly (long dark hair, older gal from NY), but she didn't take much time on the haircut, maybe 10 minutes. Never saw a scissor or the back of my head, it felt like a drive-through hair cut. She did say that she is devoted to her job, but she not take enough time and have any concern for my head. The cut turned out OK, but this is not called Speedy Cuts at $15.
0
Based on my two visits** to this location so far, I'd say a 5-star rating is totally fair. This is primarily due to the outstanding service by Courtney on both cut and color. She is so attentive and friendly that I followed her from another FS location at the other side of town. There is just something comforting about knowing that a professional stylist is really listening to your ideas, your short and long term hair goals! Seriously, I'd been made to feel at other salons in the past that I was t-r-o-u-b-l-e (to quote Travis Tritt right there!), but Courtney made me feel safe in the arms of love (to quote his friend Martina McBride).  In my case, when I first met Courtney, I felt I was at the point of needing corrective color because of the damage I'd done and the abrupt changes I sometimes make....blonde, red, dark brown, back to red, maybe some highlights ha ha! But, Courtney assessed the situation and not only gave me a rich and nurturing color that matched just what we discussed, but she also didn't make me feel bad for being a human :) As for the cut, she understood that I wanted to look well put-together without having to spend more than 7 minutes in front of a mirror. After kindly explaining to me that I might need to prioritize or pay her to come style my hair every morning, we decided on a cut that's sassy but can be pulled into my favorite ponytail quickly.  I plan on going back....we have so many more lengths and colors in the spectrum to visit together! :() **First visit April 2014 **Second visit June 2014
