2uHqDtzydFsSegyG2A29vQ
Nicolle Aileen Salon
36.1578071
-115.2889014
5.0
8975 W Charleston Blvd Ste 120 Westside Las Vegas, NV 89117
89117
17
Hair Salons
Nail Salons
Beauty & Spas
coloring
africanamerican
curly
perms
kids
extensions
asian
straightperms
Wheelchair Accessible
street
lot
By Appointment Only
Accepts Credit Cards
Good for Kids
0
5
2
I had a huge event that I was hosting and was planning on not messing with my hair.  I quickly discovered that was not acceptable under Nicole's watch!  She brought be in before my event and transformed me into a beautiful swan.   I was very impressed with the time and attention she spent on making me look amazing!  The products she uses are chemical free and her salon is top notch beautiful!   I highly recommend her to everyone who is looking to have their hair done.
1
Nicolle is wonderful and a very talented hairdresser! Please check her out you will be so grateful you did!
3
Nicolle is amazing in hair coloring, cutting & nails. She gives #1 treatment to all her clients. She gives you hand massage while you are getting your hair done. She uses high end products. She has exclusive line of nail polishes & hair products. I love going to Nicolle because I always get VIP treatment . She is very professional & charming. Her work is amazing.
1
I was THRILLED with the transformation that Nicolle made with my hair.  She demonstrated  tremendous professionalism and expressed extensive knowledge about the health of hair and why its important. She took her time to give me what I wanted while also suggesting things that would compliment my skin tone and face shape (which is soo important.). She is truly a blessing. I walked out feeling and looking amazing...!!!! I will continue to recommend her to everyone!
0
Very personable, courteous, and professional. Nicolle offers a hot cup of tea, with great conversation ever time my husband and I get our hair did. I'm all about using good quality products that don't harm me or my hair and she has just that. If you have any questions she's a wonderful certified educator!  Thanks Nicolle for always providing top notice services.
