3uNWSuCCzi1x_-p4u5n4YQ
SpineScottsdale Physical Therapy
33.578214
-111.879375
4.5
10133 N 92nd St Ste 101 Scottsdale, AZ 85258
85258
3
Health & Medical
Physical Therapy
By Appointment Only
0
5
1
I had a badly sprained foot back in '97.  Shane worked with me over the course of about 2mos to rehabilitate my foot. His knowledge of physical therapy was rock solid back then and his personality made the appointments actually enjoyable. I highly recommend his services if you have an injury which requires PT.
0
Great clinician - provides care according to the current best clinical evidence.  Many don't.  If you you a spine problem, Dr. Shane Sullivan is a great choice!
0
Front desk staff likes to help without a smile...  They are the first contact with this establishment.  A little smile would be nice.  They're all young and just plain inexperience. Scheduling staff is very efficient and very helpful, they work with you and give you all the info needed. The doctors and PA's are awesome!  They know what they're talking about and when asked for a clearer, in layman's terms explanation, they take the time to explain what the problem is and how they are planning to resolve the problem. Now if we can only improve on the reception issue... :)
0
This is my second referral to SpineScottsdale but for two different problems.  The first time it was because of a pulled muscle in my neck.  Shane and his staff were great.  I went to them for about 6 to eight visits and by the time Icompleted my visits I was pain free.  Recently I was referred to Shane for a pinched nerve in my back. He and his staff are the greatest and my back and leg feel great.  Shane has a great working environment for his staff and they all do an outstanding job in physical therapy and their customer service skills are the best.  Everyone from the front desk to all of the therapists and techs and Shane have a great attitude and make you feel very welcome.  Plus the end results for me have been exactly what I expected. I would highly recommend SpineScottsdale. Bill P.
0
Shane and his team are top notch.
