4g8gYWhgHeSoXLt9NwYPzQ
Zoe's Trunk
33.3480347
-111.8592483
3.5
2986 N Alma School Rd Chandler, AZ 85224
85224
6
Arts & Crafts
Shopping
Fabric Stores
Accepts Credit Cards
Wheelchair Accessible
lot
0
5
5
Lots of beautiful material, priced quite a bit  higher than most fabric stores I've seen ($4.50 for a "fat quarter" for instance).  They have quilt classes and patterns for other fabric projects besides quilt.  A must see shop for quilters.  Definitely NOT wheelchair accessible.  The clerks could have been friendlier, also.   I also went to the Cutting Edge Quilt Shop at Dobson and Ray Roads and liked it even better.  They were selling quilt of the month blocks for a dollar each!  And the clerks were really friendly there.
2
Was in Phoenix for a convention and was told about Zoe's Trunk. It has a great selection and the salesperson working there was a nice guy who showed us different options for a project we were considering. Prices were about average for what I'm used to paying for batiks.
0
Best little quilt shop in Chandler!  Staff is always friendly and helpful!!!
1
Love this little shop! I was looking for a pattern for a clutch purse & they have every kind of tote, clutch, diaper bag etc you can imagine.  The store inspires the creative being like no other!  The gentlemen that was running the store was very helpful and they have samples of many of the patterns right there in the store, which makes it even easier to know what your getting. (Now whether I could re-create this as well as they do is another story.) Very fun store!
2
I've been here quite a few times in the past and I am never been made welcome. After today I refuse to go back. The owner was working. When we walked in there was no greeting. Mind you there was only one more customer in the shop being helped. When we had questions she seemed bothered, and very unhelpful.  Clearly she did not need our business.  I would not waste my time going to this shop with such awful customer service. There are others in az to visit that are warm and welcoming!  Zoe and her trunk lost out buisness!
