4IzlijxSSSFdZyh6-da_Qw
Subway
33.4492
-112.0696
3.0
530 E McDowell Rd Ste 105 Phoenix, AZ 85004
85004
11
Sandwiches
Restaurants
Take-out
Accepts Credit Cards
Caters
Delivery
Has TV
Takes Reservations
Waiter Service
Good for Kids
Good For Groups
0
6
0
I recommend the Ham & Cheese.  It cures the munchies.  That's it.
3
MMMMmmm Nothing better than subway!!!  its been SO long since I've had a take out sand-which.... so i swooped in real quick after a meeting today... i had a 6" black forest ham and provolone on wheat... no dressing..with all the veggies.. and EXXTRA Banana Wax peppers.. mmmm the Best thing ever invented!!!  Ooo and they have the best white chocolate macadamia nut cookies too :-) i think i spoiled myself today... lol  the line was way long but the ladies behind the counter were PROs for sure. i was in and out of there with in 5 minutes!!  Unfortunately there was a homeless person with an unpleasant odor not but a few feet from the front door... : /
1
A sign on the wall says this Subway served subs to the United States Secret Service during a Bush visit to Phoenix. Wow! Unfortunately, the fact that it served subs to the people who take bullets for the president still does not make its subs anything special. Of course, if you like lettuce, by all means, come here fast. If it's the end of the world and I'm craving a sandwich, I'll throw a brick through the window of a Subway--this location or any other subway. God knows they probably have, without fear of hyperbole, a million bags of vacuum-packed shredded lettuce under their counters. Anyway, did I say that someone whose job it is to take a bullet for the president has eaten a sandwich from this Subway?
0
Subway is anything if not consistent. I usually grease it up at Chico's Tacos next door, but sometimes I make a more concerted effort to be healthy. Subway fits that bill. This one, like all the food places in this strip is pretty consistently busy, but they move you through pretty quick. And for the love of God people, pick what you want before you get in line! /end rant
0
This Subway was hopping the night my friend and I were here. It was before the Carly Rae Jepsen/Hot Chelle Rae concert downtown and a local high school dance, and the employees were bum rushed. We went at the perfect time, just before all the high school kids flocked in. Our service was fast and spot on. The food was excellent and right on the money.
0
I could make a better sandwich with a used sock and two pop tarts. I get that it's a healthier alternative to the other off-highway garbage when you have to eat or die on a long road trip, but if you're one of these people who seek out Subway... in a city... and think it's good... you should be beaten with one of their awful "fresh baked" loaves of bread. Your taste buds hate you, and so does everyone else. Why are you even trying to eat healthy? No one wants you around. This review applies to all Subways, FYI.
