58HvoHMI1ZbgQoonPWHXsw
Joey's of Chicago
33.7982003
-111.9799078
4.0
4705 E Carefree Hwy Ste 101 Cave Creek, AZ 85331
85331
14
Hot Dogs
Restaurants
Take-out
Outdoor Seating
Caters
lot
Good For Groups
Has TV
lunch
Takes Reservations
Waiter Service
Accepts Credit Cards
Good for Kids
Wheelchair Accessible
0
6
1
Went here for an Italian Beef.... Being a big fan of Chicago junk food, I thought I would give it a go. Friendly staff claimed that they modeled the place after Portillos in Chicago. Good place to try and emulate. That said, the beef sandwich was very good size, the hot peppers and sweet peppers were very tasty and the flavor was great. y only complain was that the beef was a bit tough.... If you ever ate a Portillos Italian beef, you would know that the beef should just fall apart and be very juicy... Seemed to me that maybe the beef didn't quite cool long enough.... Bottom line is, the place is pretty new and I think will get better and better. I would definitely go back. Give it a try
0
If you love Chicago Vienna beef hotdogs this is the place :-) super cute deli style interior, friendly staff, flat screen tvs and neon signs make for a great dining on the go experience.
1
Good food, good service, fast, and clean. Worth giving it a try.. We'll definitely go back.
0
While the facility is nice and clean, there is little to draw you in.  The food is no better than average ...they can and should do better.  Part of their neon sign outside doesn't work.  What does that tell you?  This location closed several years ago for reasons I don't know, but reopened again recently.  They really need to step it up, or I fear they won't make it again.  There are just too many much better alternatives.
0
It always makes me nervous when a place is very empty (one couple in the whole place) at lunch time, but it was a Monday.  The Staff was very friendly and accommodating, but when I asked to sub onion rings for French Frys, they were OUT at that location.....  But they did suggest their deep fried mushrooms, which were good.   Bottom line, it was decent and very affordable, and I would eat there again if shopping near by, but would not make a special trip.
0
I would drive miles just to eat at Joeys.  Quality food!. Great staff! I love everything on the menu.
