5d-LaWRkCbQzndJZevCEjg
Walgreens
33.3198348
-111.944537
3.5
5975 W Ray Rd Chandler, AZ 85226
85226
9
Shopping
Drugstores
Beauty & Spas
Food
Convenience Stores
Cosmetics & Beauty Supply
By Appointment Only
Accepts Credit Cards
lot
0
4
1
Corporate Mega-chain Fun Fact:  Walgreen Co. is named after Charles R. Walgreen, Sr. who founded the chain of drug stores.  He had planned to be a professional athlete in his youth but after loosing a finger in a factory accident, he decided to become a pharmacist.  He purchased his first pharmacy, where he was working at the time, in 1901.  Due to his improvements in customer service (including a speedy delivery service) the store thrived and he was able to add more stores and eventually expand beyond the Chicago area. This particular location is not 100+ years old.  Actually it was built new from the ground up just a couple years ago.  Everything still looks clean and organized so for that reason it is my favorite drug store in the area.  There are many popular restaurants and sports bars in this shopping center so parking can be a problem in the evenings.  But if you try the spaces on the north and west side of the store you will find plenty of spots since those are marked for Walgreens customers only.
4
Huge selection, friendly employees, great holiday items, lots of coupons and special deals,  Walgreens is the go-to store for middle of the night cold medications and the random gallon of milk and some bread.  They are consistently a 4 star store.
1
There is pretty much a Walgreens on every street corner and this one is no different from the others. Staff is friendly and are usually willing to help. The pharmacist Muna, is extremely helpful if you need any health or medical assistance. Overall, its Walgreens however, there isn't a redbox, which is inconvenient.
0
This is a super-nice location! The layout is excellent and it is easy to see throughout the store from the door. There are also big, open aisles that make it feel comfortable to shop there. You also have to love the sales that Walgreens has on medications. They always have good deals and a solid selection of generics. Overall a very good experience
