5pA0bK3x-8TWzWzbZRUJew
Il'Castello Restaurant
55.9470883
-3.2021432
3.0
36 Castle Terrace Old Town Edinburgh EH1 2EL
2EL
12
Restaurants
Italian
Take-out
Accepts Credit Cards
Outdoor Seating
Takes Reservations
Good For Groups
Delivery
street
Waiter Service
Good for Kids
Wheelchair Accessible
0
4
0
Ended up here at 10pm because everything else was closed. An underwhelming Italian with undercooked calzone and soggy spaghetti. On the positive side, it was only £30 for two people including some of their house wine. Overall, I won't be back if I can avoid it.
0
Taking its name from the most famous of land marks whose shadow it sits in, Il Castello is a dissapointment from the moment you walk in. Despite being recently redecorated, the outside still seems shabby, and already the place is starting to look as though it could do with a lick of paint on the inside. As we arrived we were greeted by a surly waiter who communicated soley in grunts, and then promptly forgot about us. It took almost 20 mins to get a seat in a deserted restaurant. The menu is huge, so there is little chance of finding something you dislike - but the food itself was on the tasteless side despite being well priced. Overall, Il Castello wont be somewhere I will be frequenting.
1
I beg to differ.  Had a very nice experience here.  I had the sea bass-- fresh herbs and lemon, nicely done.  Husband asked for a dish not on the menu and it was prepared just as he asked.  Also a nice panna cotta with good texture.  And good espresso.  Friendly service as well.
1
Situated right next door to the esteemed Castle Terrace, Il Castello offers the standard menu of Italian classics. My starter wasn't particularly great, but the main course of lamb cutlets was really good. It's very reasonably priced and the staff are friendly, welcoming and knowledgeable. Overall, we said: "I rather enjoyed Il Castello. Their take on melanzane wasn't for me, but that aside it strikes me as a very reliable, friendly little place. And what's more, their espresso was so good that I had a second one. Next time you're in the environs, pop in for a warm welcome and good Italian fare."
