6hF7d7ZegpNudFWJwI69jw
Walgreens
33.538927
-112.048079
3.5
7000 N 16Th St Ste 100 Phoenix, AZ 85020
85020
10
Shopping
Drugstores
Beauty & Spas
Food
Convenience Stores
Cosmetics & Beauty Supply
By Appointment Only
Accepts Credit Cards
Wheelchair Accessible
lot
0
5
3
Sometimes life just takes you to the drug store... you know, bits and pieces like deodorant or floss and you don't want to brave Target or the like.  Nice things about this Walgreens: -Open 24 hours -Not too scary to enter during any of those 24 hours -As reliably good, speedy service as one can expect at a Walgreens -Clean and neat -Well stocked - whatever they carry, they are never "out" of it -Next to the best UPS Store in town Word of warning:, entering the parking lot is like being a ball dropped into a pinball machine - don't lose focus or you'll get smacked.
0
I'm going to rant on Walgreens now that I have beaten up CVS. They are switching generic labels without a consult! The one they switched me to does not work for me.  Remember this: Not all generics are created equal! When I complained, they said there was nothing they could do. I politely pointed out the liabilities. What if it was a heart medication they switched that was not as effective? They don't seem to care.  So, be sure if your medication look differently on refills, you check the manufacturer against the prior manufacturer. Methinks they are saving money at our expense. Or the prescription benefit manager programs aren't riding herd. Whatever, it still screws the pooch consumer.
0
Stocked shelves, has a Red Box, photo center, pharmacy, although the food prices are a little bit higher than elsewhere.   There's a weirdo working the counter and his name is Michael.  So if you get stuck with this guy checking you out, be prepared for his little smart ass quirks.  Anything is fair game: your ID, your clothes, etc... Other than the creeper, this Walgreens is not incredibly busy and also has a decent size liquor department.
2
I shop at Walgreens all the time with my big family! For the most part they are inexpensive. They will match prices on most things and they now have a new program where we earn points so we get money taken off our bill. Since I shop there a lot, I usually get around $5.00 taken off my bill, and I still get the clearence prices as well!
0
Pharmacy here is 24hrs and staff are always friendly and helpful.
