6wgO8xpP4kozBfJ-7Co-FQ
The Marketplace
36.1400616
-115.1611066
3.0
Hilton Grand Vacations Club 2650 Las Vegas Blvd S The Strip Las Vegas, NV 89109
89109
8
Delis
Restaurants
Take-out
Takes Reservations
Delivery
Accepts Credit Cards
Good for Kids
Good For Groups
0
3
4
OPEN TIL 1AM!! This is located on the first floor inside the Hilton Grand Vacations next to Circus Circus.  I stopped in with my cousin so cause I was craving some junk food. There was a bunch of junk food, beer, wine and soda. I also saw a deli where they made sandwiches and salads. On the other side, there was a pizza kitchen.  I spent $22 on beer and junk food and a yogurt for my cousin. We went up to the room and started watching a DVD. I think we got about 30 minutes into Thor and I phoned in a sandwich order. I got a roast beef sandwich w/pepperjack lettuce and tomatoes. The sandwich was $8.25 and came with a pickle spear and a small bag of chips. The roast beef was fresh and I was very satisfied. I still want to order a Margherita pizza, but I think I can only fit one slice in my stomach right now.
0
If you are in a pinch for some quick food while at the hotel this is not a bad choice.  I had a sandwich from the deli - the bread was fresh, meat tasty and cooked just right.  Unfortunately you pay hotel prices for a small portion.
3
There's not much to do at the Hilton- gym on the left or food to the right? That's a no-brainer. The pizza smelled amazing (my man and his coworker had a couple of slices and said it was pretty good). Sandwiches, salads, parfaits... you can't really go hungry. Large beer/wine selection. Wide variety of Vegas souvenirs, grocery, first aid, and other random things you might need in your suite (including dryer sheets and laundry detergent). They also "proudly brew Starbucks coffee" (not a fan of Starbucks). The most awesome thing about this place is the big jar of LARGE pickles. O-M-G. I love pickles. Hands down the biggest ones I've ever seen! (Get your mind out of the gutter)! I would've taken the entire jar if I could. At $2 per pickle, I forgot all about my headache as I munched my way back upstairs. I was devastated upon checking out when I realized I left the other half of my pickle in the fridge.
