6ZyEWbvzs96hryKA3MabhA
Double Play Sports Bar
36.0166929
-115.173115
3.5
9495 Las Vegas Blvd S Southeast Las Vegas, NV 89123
89123
22
Pizza
Bars
Restaurants
Sports Bars
Nightlife
Take-out
Outdoor Seating
Coat Check
Good For Groups
Delivery
Happy Hour
lot
background_music
jukebox
latenight
dinner
Takes Reservations
Has TV
Waiter Service
Accepts Credit Cards
Good for Kids
Wheelchair Accessible
0
7
0
great pizza and cheez bread, so tasty......delicious!!!!!
0
garlic bread is cheesy....
2
This is a fun spot to watch games and eat good bar food. They usually have some kind of raffle giveaway during big games too, which I've won a couple times :) ! I come here for the burger though! I swear it is the best I've had in Vegas..... very random, I know. You can "create your own" with type of cheese, sauce, bun, etc. I always get a burger cooked medium with swiss cheese, sauteed mushrooms, and hickory smoked bbq sauce on toasted sourdough. It is soooo good!!! with a heaping amount of fries!  My boyfriend swears by their pizzas, which are also delicious!  Overall this is a good spot to play video poker, get good drinks by a very friendly staff, watch a game, eat a great burger, and play elvis pinball!
0
Another neighborhood watering hole of mine - I love that they have a mini game room and a shuffle board table.  Try the pizza and catch a game or two.. they have a ton of screens.  I also think they have quiz nights on Tuesday nights.. but don't quote me on that.
0
Typical sports bar but a good place to watch a game and enjoy a great meal. Garlic Knots are tasty. The pizza is fantastic!!
0
Great place to watch football games in Vegas. Great staff with a great menu. A bit off of the strip but its worth the 5 minute drive south on Vegas Blvd.
0
We live in the neighborhood and have been here many times and have always had great service in the past. We always order dinner and play the video machines at the bar. This was our first Friday evening at Double Play and the service was horrible! The quality of the food was very good, as always. The two bartenders seemed oblivious to our presence and made no eye contact with us or other patrons until engaged in a transaction. In short...the only thing lacking here is the staff's attention to the patrons. Game-up people!
