73rjL1XeHLtJOOeDKTGsOQ
Imperial Hawaiian Luau
36.11829
-115.172535
2.0
Imperial Palace 3535 Las Vegas Blvd S The Strip Las Vegas, NV 89136
89136
15
Arts & Entertainment
Performing Arts
Hawaiian
Restaurants
Take-out
Outdoor Seating
Takes Reservations
Delivery
garage
valet
Waiter Service
Accepts Credit Cards
Good for Kids
Good For Groups
Wheelchair Accessible
0
3
1
Update - August 2009. Ugh. It's all over. The Luau Buffet is no longer held poolside with fire dancers and other entertainment. Now the Luau Buffet is a very sorry standard buffet at heightened prices. There are free "mai tai" drinks provided, but even those can't put back the party atmosphere I experienced at the poolside Luau two years ago. If anyone suggests it, you're better off finding something less expensive (it was $25/per on a Saturday) as putting a sweet sauce on chicken breasts does not a luau make. Sorry, Imperial Palace, we know the economy is bad, but this was once of the worst cuts we've seen over the past year. Not the best buffet I've ever been to, but the combination of the food and the show made for a wonderful evening. The Luau Buffet and Show only runs through the summer months, so if you're thinking about going, be sure to make plans early. Also, spend the extra $$ and get the VIP package - special give-aways, better table service, better view. Don't plan to get too loose on the "free-flowing" mai-tais and pina coladas advertised as endless. We needed to drink quite a few before we finally found one with some alcohol. But, fun none the less. Reminiscent of what I envision as a "typical" Las Vegas dinner show from bygone days.
1
Kurt: Take the palm tree out of your back side.  If you want ocean breezes and authentic fare while you watch hula performers, go back to your birthplace.  Gregg's advice, however, is spot on.  Pay the extra for the VIP package! You will receive a fresh flower lei, muuuuch better seating,  and priority at the buffet.  Yes, it is a hot venue, but then so is all of Las Vegas in the summer!  (This show only runs during the summer months.)  No, the food wasn't outstanding.  It was, however, on par with anything we've eaten at large-venue-schmaltzy luaus in Hawaii.  If you're in Vegas and craving a dose of Artificial Polynesia, I say go for it.  It's a fun evening under the stars that you're bound to enjoy.
3
I want to start off by saying I didn't attend the Luau. I stayed at the IP during a very big convention and couldn't find rooms anywhere else.  I had the privilege of seeing people get ripped off from my rooms balcony.  The show was the same thing you can see at the Hawaiian Market place across the street from the City Center for FREE. For the money that those idiots paid they could have eaten at the best buffet or restaurant.
