81dvu5TkKxzm-UWsD9OC-g
Teriyaki
36.114264
-115.115197
3.0
2585 E Flamingo Rd Ste 16 Eastside Las Vegas, NV 89121
89121
14
Japanese
Restaurants
Take-out
Accepts Credit Cards
Outdoor Seating
Good For Kids
lot
Delivery
Order at Counter
Takes Reservations
Waiter Service
Good for Kids
Good For Groups
Wheelchair Accessible
0
5
0
When I first started at my job, a co-worker of mine told me I should go pick him and myself up some teriyaki bowls form here.  He swore they were good.  I went around the corner and ordered, brought them back, opened my bowl and stared in horror at what lay before me.  Various pieces of chicken - none of them identifiable as pieces of chicken.  It was mostly fat.  They were encased in a sticky, thick almost black sauce that I'm sure at one point may have resembled teriyaki before it was boiled down for hours.  I couldn't eat more than a couple of bites, and I'll eat almost anything.   I stared in even more horror as my co-worker devoured every bit.  I guess some people like this place.  Definitely not me.
0
The good It was fast & low priced The not so good... The food was ok, not bad just avg. Final thought  If you want ur quick teriyaki fix especially late on the east side of town this is the place (the only place lmao)
0
Went with my spouse today to use a Groupon Now voucher we got. I'm a vegetarian and ordered the House Special To Fu and crab ragoon (which doesn't actually contain crab), and my spouse got the orange chicken. Both came with fried rice, which was delicious. The tofu I ordered was really good, and I loved all the veggies and sauce that came with it. My spouse enjoyed the orange chicken. The portions were huge, and an incredible deal for the price. I see that a review below says that they only have two tables. This must have changed recently as they had ten tables and a sign pointing to the restroom in the back.
0
Worst mongolian beef, beef broccoli, lo mein, white rice & fried rice, teriyaki chicken, ever. DO NOT EAT HERE. The food is ROTTEN. They douse it with so much sauce to hide it. I thought I was gonna die that day. I only found out the food was rotten when bit half a large piece and then forced myself to vomit to prevent my death lmao. The fried rice and white rice have obviously been in a fridge in that same takeout box for at least 2-3 weeks and they still served it!? It was so gummy and stunk horribly when I slid the food onto a plate!!! What a disgrace to Asian cuisine! How dare they! Freaking pathetic.
1
I had a chicken Teri bowl for $3.79. I thought is was absolutely amazing! The rice was moist and fresh! The chicken was  moist and had the right amount of sauce. It also had steamed veggies of cabbage, carrot, and broccoli. They were slightly steamed which was great. The veggies were fresh and not wilted. I really thought that I should have been charged more for the food. Will definitely be back for more!
