8YoOcrqm5IGHd733BniIew
Tandy Leather Factory
36.1139613
-115.0909203
5.0
4130 S Sandhill Rd Ste A15 Eastside Las Vegas, NV 89121
89121
5
Leather Goods
Fashion
Shopping
Accepts Credit Cards
lot
0
6
2
Tandy leather has all sorts of supplies and unique leather pieces for you to make your own bags, belts, anything leather. They also have iron stencils for burning into leather! Such a find!
2
I'm going to be honest, I'm not a big fan of leather. I might have some shoes with leather on them, but I usually tend to use synthetic leather in my costumes. For fetish wear I prefer PVC.  However, Tandy has much more than leather for sale. Are you a Dungeons and Dragons player who wants a dragon concho? You're set! Do you want to express your patriotism through star rivets and metal American flags? Bingo! I usually come in here for D-Rings, conchos and swivel snaps (my significant other makes costumes, and I am a costume wearing nerd at conventions). The employees are all super friendly, and always greet me when I walk in. I haven't taken any of the workshops they offer, but they seem to have them quite often.
0
These guys are great. Tandy has everything I need for all my leather projects. Great selection of hardware and a variety of leather. Friendly and knowledgable staff. Thanks guys.
4
This is a great place for the crafty types obsessed with leather.  They have a big selection of leather, cowhide and leather-makin' hardware. I am not crafty, however, and was here for a different purpose--to buy a cowhide rug. West Elm sells them for around $500-$600.  Other stores in town sell them for around $700.   Here, they are $169.  Badass!!  And they're good quality! I'm in love. I will also definitely be back to buy a moccasin making kit (for my inner fourteen-year-old).  Oh, maybe I'll also recover that chair seat... Oh, and... Kelly, the saleswoman, told me they're moving to bigger store in a month.  So, before you go, confirm the address.
0
Quality Products with a huge product  line. Knowledgeable and helpful staff make shopping here so easy.  Big time store with a small town service.
1
Great customer service , friendly and helpful! They moved a year ago to Pecos Rd and Patrick, BTW.
