9xbQT85RGZmQK-bFcDUXTQ
Bill Henry's Texaco Food Mart
32.9446709
-112.727908
4.0
623 W Pima St Gila Bend, AZ 85337
85337
15
Food
Convenience Stores
Pizza
Barbeque
Restaurants
Take-out
Outdoor Seating
Takes Reservations
Good For Groups
Delivery
lot
Waiter Service
Accepts Credit Cards
Good for Kids
Wheelchair Accessible
0
5
2
We asked locals in Gila Bend where to get lunch, and they sent us to the Texaco Station. Ribs are what its all about. The pork ribs are mesquite smoked with peppery rub. They are juicy with enough smoke and spice to enhance the pork without overpowering it. They also have ribs drenched in sauce, but we've never tried that. They also have wings and Mexican items, which are all good, but the ribs are worth a hefty detour. There are a few tables inside the food mart, and some picnic tables outside. Takeout is the common mode. The whole station and food mart is a sort of living tribute to the spirit of Route 66. They have about everything a traveler might want, and a few kitschy do-dads that you might not realize anyone sold these days.  If you are in Gila Bend, there is a good chance it's because you're traveling. This is the place to stop.
1
Cleanest c-store in Gila Bend!  Have not tried ribs, but they look great!  Ribs in a c-store?  Yes!
5
OMG you have to try the green chili shredded beef burritos!! Even if we don't have to stop for gas I have to stop for one of these! They are fresh and I think are homemade. They also have many other HOT items to choose from which look yummy but I'm hooked on the burrito :) Bathrooms are generally clean, they have fun things out in front of the store to purchase for your yard which I love to check out while there. Employee's are always nice and happy to see you.  It's a great place to stop for gas or food in Gila Bend. Oh and when I checked in I received $.10 off per gallon of gas.. which just makes it a better place to stop!
1
Tried some ribs - and I agree with the other reviewers:  outstanding!
1
This time the ribs were pretty bad - dry and tough and tasteless and over salted and over peppered and probably a few days old.
