_2HFbrYZFp2p59hptZeDbw
Subway
36.1907268
-115.2600699
4.0
1750 N Buffalo Dr Summerlin Las Vegas, NV 89128
89128
6
Sandwiches
Restaurants
Take-out
Accepts Credit Cards
Good for Kids
Takes Reservations
0
4
0
I actually swore off subway for awhile after I moved here from GA. Not because I didn't like subway anymore, but because on the 3 day drive here,  I think we ate subway for nearly EVERY meal. Apparently truckers LOVE their footlongs. :P By the time we got here, I was absolutely sick of subs, and fast food in general, really.  Finally the craving for a tasty sandwich came back, and off to subway I go. Tastes just as good as I remember. This location was clean, the service good, the vegetables fresh, and they even had spinach, which is something that you don't find as often back home. Perhaps all the subways here have spinach, but I wouldn't know.  Only thing that I didn't like, was that they didn't have sliced Monterrey cheddar, only shredded. Weird.
0
I don't know why I don't think about Subway more often when I'm trying to think of where to pick up a quick, inexpensive meal. I have lived in the area for about 6 years, and only just recently tried this Subway. My mom told me Subway was running a special on $2 cold cut or meatball subs. I've always liked their meatball subs, so we decided to give it a try. I like that Subway now has a nice variety of breads to choose from. I got the Italian cheese variety. It paired nicely with the meatballs. I do have to say that the meatballs weren't quite as good as I remembered. However, it was still a good, affordable meal. The place was clean and the staff friendly.
4
This is the best Subway location in Las Vegas. The staff is always friendly and right there waiting to help you and the line really moves along quick. Don't be surprised if you see a long line upon entering but like I said it moves quick The veggies are so fresh.  I asked for extra cheese twice and didn't even get charged. The store is so clean you could literally eat off the floor. There isn't much more to say but try this location!
0
These folks are always friendly and the food is always good.
