_EK06YO25JiZCTGg78-fRw
Rose Cosmetic & Family Dentistry
36.1591034
-115.0837147
5.0
4230 E Charleston Blvd Ste A Sunrise Las Vegas, NV 89104
89104
5
Health & Medical
Dentists
General Dentistry
Cosmetic Dentists
By Appointment Only
0
4
2
Everyone here is so friendly.  Even at 7am! We have been coming here for two years now and we haven't had any problems.  They are very flexible and really work with your schedule.  They have even called other patients to try and get them to move their appointments.   I love the paraffin treatment they give you while you get your teeth cleaned.  My kids live the treat drawer and that every station has a tv that moves around making sure even the little ones can see it while they are getting worked on.
1
I'm terrified of dentists. It's just about the worst experience I can imagine - paying someone to torture you. (Well, there are sites for reviews about people who LIKE that, but that's not Yelp.)  Dr. Rose, on the other hand, really took the time to listen to my fears, assuage all of that, answer my questions, and make sure I was really comfortable before starting the treatment. I barely felt anything. (One injection I felt, on a day when I got root canals in two adjacent teeth. I'd say that qualifies as relatively painless.) The whole office is staffed with people who really care about their patients.  I recommend them highly.
1
Excellent and friendly
0
Everyone here is super nice - office staff, hygenists, & the dentists. It's easy to make an appt - they answer right away & don't put you on hold like other places. Average wait time in the waiting room is about 5-10 min which is pretty good. You have the option of getting a FREE paraffin wax treatment on your hands while your teeth are being cleaned! Each room has a tv screen so you can watch a movie while your teeth are being cleaned. They give you a tootbrush, toothpaste, & floss every time you get your teeth cleaned. They send you postcard, email & phone call reminders when your appt is coming up. This place is very clean & sanitary.
