_MuHx0aYUfLbNzkqJ2uBWg
Fatburger
36.1589501
-115.207506
3.0
4851 W Charleston Blvd Westside Las Vegas, NV 89146
89146
22
Burgers
Fast Food
Restaurants
Delivery
Take-out
Drive-Thru
Outdoor Seating
Good For Kids
lot
Good For Groups
BYOB
Has TV
Corkage
lunch
breakfast
dinner
latenight
Takes Reservations
casual
Waiter Service
Accepts Credit Cards
Good for Kids
0
6
4
Heaven is a Baby Fat and an order of their awesome steak fries.
15
now this is the "best" hamburger around. huge, thick & juicy really flavorful. the relish & pickles just kill. the onion rings were super-fresh hot & crispy this place is great-it doesn't matter where it's located in a food court or a stand-alone shop. they are always consistent.  every thing is made to order. and the burgers always leave you wanting more.  I lived across the street from in & out burger for 3 years-they are good but-fatburger is #1.  always good service, fast & friendly staff, place is always clean & the decor is traditional burger stand. we love it!!! Get yourself a baby fat meal with fat fries & a shake you won't regret it. Voted Best Fast-Food Burger!
0
No thanks to Dollar car rental, we got to my friend's house in Vegas at 3 PM (after a 12:45 flight arrival) and by that time we were freakin' starving.  Fatburger to the rescue! Got a standard cheeseburger and fries.  It was good, but I wish someone had told me the skinny fries are coated fries -- yech.  The burger was a wee bit overcooked and dry.  Maybe we should have eaten them there instead of taking them back to her house, but it wasn't THAT far away. Had to go, though, 'cause I can go to In-n-Out any day but there's no Fatburger in my hometown...
0
It's an awesome burger joint!!! I always order the XXL burger. This thing is freaking huge! I can only imagine the XXXL lol  If you need a break from Carls jr (my favorite), McDonald's, Jack in da box, etc... this joint is for you. I put reservations yes. Because you can order online or by phone!
0
Fatburger wouldn't be my first choice for lunch.  First of all, the burger is kind of expensive.  Secondly, it's not that great.  Although, it looks delicious.   When I went in all I wanted was a cheeseburger with the works.  I felt like I was signing up for life insurance.  They kept bombarding me questions.  Just do it right and stop making things so complicated.  It's supposed to be fast food.
0
Closed!!!!!!!!  :-/
