acOg_-6cXS-Lp08Ru39xeA
Coconut Bistro
36.1296022
-115.1085145
4.0
3025 E Desert Inn Rd Ste B15 Eastside Las Vegas, NV 89121
89121
13
Caribbean
Restaurants
Take-out
Accepts Credit Cards
Outdoor Seating
lot
Good For Groups
Delivery
Has TV
Takes Reservations
Waiter Service
Good for Kids
Wheelchair Accessible
0
7
3
Tucked away right next to Family Dollar, this newly established little Caribbean bistro is a surprisingly good find! Although it looks rather basic at first glance, the staff is incredibly welcoming and personable. Kim is a very sweet waitress who genuinely cares, and was a pleasure to talk to during our visit. The menu had just enough choices, including pancakes for breakfast, sandwiches, jerk chicken dishes, and fried fish, just to name a few. The TV wasn't too loud, and the music was very laid back and enjoyable without being overbearing or distracting.  My girlfriend had a turkey sandwich (served with delicious fries!) and a side salad, while I had fried tilapia served with rice and red beans, with mixed veggies. There were very many interesting drinks on the menu (I seem to recall some kind of Jamaican soda, for example.), but I stuck with what I knew and just ordered a bottled coca-cola. I'm very interested in trying one of those other drinks next time though! The food was cooked fresh to order, and my fish was piping hot when it was served! To say it was impressive would be an understatement, for it tasted absolutely delicious for only being a $10.00 or so dish. It was very filling, and had a wonderful "home-cooked" feeling, while being a somewhat fresh experience at the same time. Although we couldn't finish it all, we were more than happy to take the rest home with us! Also, as a side note, this place has some rather nice ranch sauce. :p Overall, Coconut Bistro was a refreshing and joyful eating experience, and it was easy on the wallet as well! We felt like family the entire time, and we'll be more than happy to visit again soon. I HIGHLY recommend this place if you're looking for a highly delicious, highly affordable meal. My girlfriend and I are looking forward to visiting again and enjoying this taste of the Caribbean, and we can't wait to try something else on the menu!  5/5. Go for it!
0
Very casual restaurant with great food.  The jerk chicken was amazing!
0
Plantains, chicken curry, rice & peas, veggies = a great lunch, took more home for dinner. Flavors were amazing. Small, locally owned. Excellent value for the price
0
Tried the goat curry this time. It was tasty but I like the chicken curry better. The rice and peas and the plantains were still very, very yummy.
0
Wish I lived closer and could frequent more often! The owner is very friendly (offered us more of the sauteed veggies side if we wanted, which we took him up on!) and all the food was really tasty.  I really enjoyed the Jamaican Ginger Beer (a ginger-flavored soda - I recommend it!) and the red stew chicken. The goat and chicken curry were also delicious. Everything was fresh and tasty and we also had a restaurant.com coupon so it turned out to be a great deal too!
2
is this place still in business? as I called today and got disconnected recording?
0
Oxtail stew, curry chicken, and plantains.  Wow - great flavors!  The side plate came with rice/beans, corn muffin, and an extremely tasty cabbage vegetable mix.  Ordered some extra veggies to go.  Left stuffed and satisfied.  It was sad to see this place empty - please support them!
