Apee77IOW5uNS7eGJe6Srg
Pinnacle Peak Pizza
33.6979715
-111.8929195
4.5
8711 E Pinnacle Peak Rd Scottsdale, AZ 85255
85255
11
Pizza
Restaurants
Take-out
Outdoor Seating
Takes Reservations
Delivery
lunch
dinner
Waiter Service
Accepts Credit Cards
Wheelchair Accessible
0
4
1
A hidden treasure up on Pinnacle Peak & Pima!  The pizza is quite possibly the best in town.  It is cooked to perfection with lots of cheese & ample toppings.  If your not in the mood for pizza, their sandwiches are excellent as well.  Also, the staff is always friendly.  I'm not sure why Paul didn't like it.  Everybody I've talked to loves the pizza, & I've often heard comments like it's better than other pizza places in the area (like Rosati's & Barro's), which I have to agree.
2
Eh - not bad but not great.  I give it a solid "OK".  This place was yet another stop on my continuous tour to find pizza I love in AZ.  No, I haven't found it yet but I am certainly having a good time looking! Pinnacle Peak Pizza is kind of hidden behind the General Store and gas station on the southwest corner of Pinnacle Peak and Pima.  It is super-casual - you order at the counter and then find a seat either in  the very small (somewhat claustrophobic) dining area or outside.  The outside seating is in a courtyard area that is common to the shopping plaza.  It is cute, but over-run with some pretty creepy birds that bring a certain Hitchcock movie to mind. While the pepperoni/mushroom pizza and antipasti salad we tried were good, they were not Great.  I am not sure I will find my way back anytime soon.  There are just so many other pizzas out there waiting to be sampled...
0
Pizza Peak is a tiny neighborhood pizza place with great pizza (fresh ingredients generously applied!) and sub sandwiches, friendly staff and reasonable prices.  They deliver, too!  You can eat outside in the lovely patio area or take it home with you.  If you live in the Pinnacle Peak area or further north, give them a try. You'll be glad you did!
1
We've started coming here for lunch a few years ago.  The 2 slice pizza special is very good, but what is really GREAT is their chicken/steak burritos! They are mouth watering and worth the trip to north Scottsdale.   Enjoy!
