arqTt6XNdl3XJbTGm215OA
McDonald's
33.523717
-112.108787
3.0
2305 W Bethany Home Rd Phoenix, AZ 85015
85015
20
Burgers
Fast Food
Restaurants
Take-out
Accepts Credit Cards
Drive-Thru
Outdoor Seating
Caters
lot
Delivery
Has TV
lunch
dinner
brunch
breakfast
Takes Reservations
casual
Waiter Service
Good for Kids
Good For Groups
0
8
0
Good service , but warning if you plan on going thru the drive thur you might be in line for 20 mins plus...
0
the lines are always ALWAYS long.  I don't get it.
1
On my way home from visiting my father at the Hospital! Wife's at work,not in the mood to cook this late in the evening!!! I haven't had my yearly splurge of McRibs!!!! So I stopped off at this location, pretty big place! Walked in, because drive through was pretty busy. Only one person in front of me, it was time for me to order! I order the McRib Sandwich Combo, she asked me if I wanted it large! Well no, but thanks for asking! Then she offered me a second sandwich for only .99 cents!!! Wow, well yes! I love to have my yearly McRib sandwich, It's a great time! This half hour of eating this great icon of a sandwich was amazing! You get that stamped piece of pork, lathered in a authentic BBQ sauce and loaded up with pickles and onions, Yea baby!!!! It's only one time a year, and just once! After that I'm good for another year!! Going back to this location, it was quite nice. Very clean, bilingual, and great service!
0
Never had any issues here. They are always up to speed.
2
Their ice cream cones are the BOMB!!
0
Only come here for the dollar menu food.  Lots of people asking for money outside at night time, don't really like that.
0
Its a mcdonalds
0
Today (7/3/14) was my last and final visit to this McDonald's...I'll drive out of my way to the one on Camelback from now on. My last couple of visit has left me not wanting to return the customer service is horrible, you can barely hear the drive thru attendant, there are long lines and you constantly have to wait for your food. When you finally get your food...the order is wrong or the fries are limp and soggy. I've visited this place for Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner and the midnight snack...and the results are all the time for every 10 visit, I bet I've had 3 good experiences.
