B2Kl9dSs3M_m2dOvd1a5LA
Pink Buffalo Boutique
36.019171
-115.270965
5.0
9345 S Cimarron Rd Southwest Las Vegas, NV 89178
89178
7
Women's Clothing
Fashion
Shopping
Dogs Allowed
Accepts Credit Cards
Wheelchair Accessible
lot
0
6
1
Super cute shop! A must go for those in need of cute clothes and accessories who are trying to shop local.  The prices are very affordable. The tops I got were around $20 and the cute ring was $7.  Interestingly enough, they really do have something for everyone. My 62 year old other got some cute stuff along with my friend's 9 year old daughter. They even have plus sizes.  Cute items for all!
2
Went to pink buffalo for the opening and loved what I found!! Such a cute store with so much to choose from! So many different sizes, I'm a bigger girl so selection sometimes is minimal for me. This was a pleasant surprise.  I will definitely go back next time I need something to wear for sure! Great staff too! Love the place!! Thanks!
0
Sooooooo excited to have this shop so close to home !  They offer a wide variety of sizes which I know a lot of other Vegas boutique don't !  So many cute things to choose from .....I found a comfy beach dress ....and a dress to wear to the club ....variety ! And lots of accessories !!!
0
Cute little neighborhood boutique.. So glad to have a store like this in mts edge.. Lots of trendy & affordable pieces w/ a wide variety of sizes. The store itself is decorated so cute!! & the owner is really nice.. Even gave me a discount coupon I can use the next time i come back. Support small local businesses!!! :)
0
Super cute clothes at great prices! Also a really nice staff, very helpful. Will be back soon!
0
Great neighborhood botique that has super cute clothing and accessories at affordable prices!  I bought a super cute little cami and wallet when I was in last that I get compliments on all the time.  Good variety of clothes and sizes, the shop is nicely decorated, easy to shop in and items easy to find.  Definitely will be back, loved it all!!
