bGPEviF3GLKv7hDykcjPwg
Chandler Family Dentistry
33.3076635
-111.8413595
5.0
299 N Arizona Ave Chandler, AZ 85225
85225
6
Pediatric Dentists
Health & Medical
Dentists
General Dentistry
Cosmetic Dentists
By Appointment Only
0
4
0
Dr. Steiner has been the dentist for the adults in our family for close to 15 years; he's great with pain management (I had 4 wisdom removed and 2 cavities done in one visit, and I went back to work the next day) and his staff is always friendly and on the ball.  My daughter needed a check-up right before her benefits were about to expire and he himself made the arrangement/appointment for her to come down right away.  He takes a genuine interest in his patients, remembers details about you and your family, and always has a minute to talk about the good and the difficult things we all deal with in life.
1
Dr. Steiner is outstanding dentist!  The office staff is friendly & helpful and appointments are easy to schedule.  His office is modern, clean and his equipment is up to date.   Dr. Steiner has an excellent "bedside manner" and has excellent technique.  He is knowledgeable and explains procedures well.  If necessary, he makes outstanding referrals. He's been our family's dentist for over six years and he is excellent with children. I have no hesitation in giving him a five star rating!
1
Fantastic service. They know you on a first  name basis, always ask about your life and know what you've talked about in the past, and the hygenist is pleasant and professional.  They take my insurance, which is rare, and give 110% to every client. I live in downtown phoenix and STILL travel all the way to chandler every 6 mo for a cleaning. Also, Dr. Steiner is pretty cute. (What?! It's a honest review!)
0
I do my research before buying anything and that includes dental service. These guys are top notch. I had a little trouble with my insurance at the beginning and these guys got it all figured out. Dr. Steiner is a very personable guy and really knows his stuff. You want to be comfortable at the dentist and that's exactly how I feel there.
