cjPMpKwvqrHeOIAUa_VJ9w
Everybody's Neighborhood Grill
33.4365985156
-112.348937988
4.0
12725 W Indian School Rd Ste A102 Avondale, AZ 85394
85394
18
Soul Food
American (Traditional)
Barbeque
Restaurants
Take-out
Accepts Credit Cards
Outdoor Seating
Caters
lot
Good For Groups
Delivery
Has TV
lunch
dinner
Takes Reservations
Waiter Service
Good for Kids
Wheelchair Accessible
0
5
0
Everybody's Neighborhood Grill has your soul food favorite's along with a nice compliment of other items if soul food isn't your thing.   The smothered pork chops were awesome and don't miss the GREENS and mac & cheese!  Had to capitalize the greens, they were so good.   I'm glad the Neighborhood Grill is only a few blocks down from my office!  Keep of the good work!
4
E.N.G took over for the Jamaian place that was here. They serve what the hood likes.  SOUL FOOD  BBQ MEXICAN AMERICAN "EVERYBODY" will find something to eat here.  The place is clean and orderly with nothing changed from the previous owners except the menu.  I had the brisket sandwhich and it was good. Served with a side of Tater salad. The brisket was a shredded type with a sweet sauce on a sesame studded bun. There was plenty of meat and plenty of tater salad. The salad was good, nice flavor and ingredients.  The prices seem fair for what you get. I would def go back! (As long as they are open next time I come down that way)
1
Do not recommend.  Got a hamburger and a pulled pork sandwich. Pork was cut chunks with BBQ sauce dumped on top. Bun fell apart when trying to pick it up.  Hamburger tastes like a frozen meat bi-product with no frills.   Menu was not BBQ type foods and nothing really seemed edible.   Halfway through our food my son found hair in his fries and under his burger.   Not impressed and didn't even want to give it a star... Star basically is because they are cheap but its definitely you get what you pay for. Cheap, tasteless, and unimpressive.
0
We found Everybody's Neighborhood Grill after a Google search for bbq near Avondale.   The decor is the love child of a man cave and Mom's kitchen so a little confused but very comfortable.  We ordered the brisket dinner, pulled pork dinner, and a cheeseburger kids meal.  The burger in the kids meal was a full sized burger so there was a lot left over, no complaints about the pulled pork and the brisket was so tender you could cut it with a spoon.  My mouth is watering again thinking about it, it was so yummy!  Being from TN and being spoiled by Memphis BBQ I am often disappointed by the slim offerings I have found in AZ but Everybody's did NOT disappoint.  Thank you for a great meal!
0
Food is ridiculously authentic and delicious!!! Staff is even better.  Love the ribs & mac and cheese!
