CrqUAMPS8FnI5iwJJjmZuQ
McDonalds
36.1967
-115.261682
2.5
7662 W Lake Mead Blvd Summerlin Las Vegas, NV 89128
89128
16
Fast Food
Restaurants
Take-out
Accepts Credit Cards
Drive-Thru
Outdoor Seating
Caters
Good For Groups
Delivery
Has TV
breakfast
Takes Reservations
casual
Waiter Service
Good for Kids
Wheelchair Accessible
0
5
0
This place has the worst service hands down. I mean I have no expectations really for fast food, in fact my only expectation is shitty service but this place goes beyond bad. In addition the playarea is always disgusting. I saw a kid puke on the floor and they put up the yellow wet floor signs and went back to the cash register. Other times like today a table looked like a vegas buffet tornado had touched down scattering fries and chunks of burger everywhere. Hey yah know what pick up after your kids people, two minutes thats all and make your hellions help. But still even though the parents shoulda cleaned up, god knows how long its been sitting there trashed. The syrup was out on EVERYTHING, no joke! I told the manager and he did nothing. But he did refell my cup from the drive through machine.
0
I usually stay away from mcdonalds and when I do, I stay away from the fries and just get the big mac. Every mcdonalds is pretty consistant but when I ate here, the bread was hard, the burger was messy, and one of the worst big mac I've ate. It's right near my school so I go here but not very good.
0
When I'm too lazy to drive over the Craig location, I go to this one. I've only used the drive thru, it was quick, efficient, polite and has yet to get my order wrong.
1
Poison stay away unless u want die early from that garbage they serve
4
My favorite McDonalds. I have been to a gazillion ones but I always keep comparing them to my home Mcdonalds.  This is the location where they are consistently friendly and the COOKIES are always warm and freshly baked!  Plus now they offer CRISPY CHICKEN WINGS and it's so good! I grew up in the Philippines where they would offer chicken and rice combos and I would miss it. So yay! They would also sometimes offer free samples like apple pie. Awesome!
