dl8FULkVABIxsb0a_fws5A
Safeway
33.781366
-111.922719
4.0
32551 N Scottsdale Rd Scottsdale, AZ 85266
85266
4
Food
Grocery
Accepts Credit Cards
lot
0
6
0
Very satisfied with this safeway. Always very friendly, helpful staff and I can always find what I am looking for. They also have a gas station out front and since I shop at safeway quite a bit I end up saving 10 cents per gallon when I fill up using the safeway card. I recommend shopping at this one, it's also right by Pei Wei so I enjoy grabbing a chicken bowl during the same visit :)
1
This is usually my go to Safeway.  I cannot say it is closest to my house because I have 3 Safeways the same distance from my home, 5.6 miles.  However, I think I like this one because it is easy to find parking and I already know the layout by heart and can get in and out in 20 minutes.
1
Very solid Safeway location at the Summit. Parking is a breeze, of course the Summit shopping center seems empty compared to everything closer to the 101. There is a Safeway gas station, located right off N. Scottsdale Rd. With Safeway gas rewards, you can save up to $1/gallon. The rewards points start over each month, so plan gas trips accordingly.
0
I have been going to this Safeway for about 5 years now.  The staff is super friendly and always very accommodating.  I hate grocery shopping, but the friendly attitude make for a great experience.
0
Slow checkout lines and inadequate staffing for checkout.  They're also very slow to call for extra checkout help.  Really, the line shouldn't be that long before someone is called to help.  They get away with this it seems because there are so few grocery store choices in this area.  Location, location, location is as true as ever.
0
This Safeway is actually really nice. The floral section is huge unlike other Safeway locations. I like how they have a red box as well. The self check out is really nice too since a lot of grocery stores do not have that option anymore. Everything is easy to find and the store overall was clean and organized.
