DSB0chtqtaPQjtWHOkSN2g
Posare Salon
35.999258
-115.105979
4.5
10575 S Eastern Ste 170 Anthem Henderson, NV 89052
89052
6
Hair Salons
Beauty & Spas
By Appointment Only
Accepts Credit Cards
Good for Kids
lot
0
7
0
I had a pedicure with  Dustie. I had never been there before. I really loved the pedi and Dustie was very nice too. Wish I would have known about her months ago!!!
0
Stepahnie G. does my hair cut and color. She is great and I get lots of compliments on her work!
0
I visit Tyson Bunker at Posare Salon. I was referred to him by another blonde client of his, who I complimented her hair at Target. My hair had been breaking from a previous hairstylist and I have been going to him every month now for a little over a year. I have NEVER been happier with the color and cut of my hair, he does NOT over lap the bleach and my hair feels as thick as it did when I was 18!
1
Laura O is the best!! I've been going to her for a while. I always get compliments on my color. She is the best in town! I would not trust my hair to anyone else!!!
0
Just had a Brazilian split end repair by Laura! She really does great hair. If you are looking for a great hair stylist in the Vegas valley, definitely go see Laura. I've been going to her for years and have never been disappointed!! She really does a fantastic job!!
5
This was a very underwhelming experience. The girl who did my hair was clearly inexperienced because she took all the safe routes in order to not damage my hair. Well, not only was my hair damaged, but it was also very orange even after toning. The overall five star rating must be for services other than hair color. The girl was nice and personable, but unsure/insecure in her abilities thus the sub par result. I ended up with a bright orange band that later had to be fixed by Angela at Mosaic.
0
Got a groupon for gel manicure. Shop was clean  and easy to find. Kayla was very friendly and easy to talk to, unlike some salons that the nail tech doesn't even speak to you. Very happy with my manicure!
