E_6O4h0era9d85Aw3KcvfA
Moore and Sons Carpet Cleaning
33.420717
-111.599001
5.0
10742 E Mercury Dr Apache Junction, AZ 85120
85120
5
Local Services
Damage Restoration
Home Services
Carpet Cleaning
Accepts Credit Cards
0
5
1
I've used Moore and Sons a few times and have always been impressed with how punctual, honest and knowledgeable Gary (the owner) is.  He is licensed in how to clean carpet, tile, restore your house, etc and it definitely shows.   This time around he cleaned my tile and saved me about $200 over competitors, since he didn't do other steps that he deemed wouldn't clean it any more than it was.  I appreciate his honesty and you can just tell that he is a nice guy.  I highly recommend!
1
we used Moore and Son's carpet cleaning in June of this year.  Gary arrived on time, honored the price he quoted us, even after some stains proved more work to remove than he planned for. We also had him clean our couch and were THRILLED with the results. In addition, he gave us great tips on how to avoid those kinds of stains in the future (ie: don't use store bought carpet stain removers, just stick with good ol' vinegar, or clear water so the soap doesn't stick in the fibers and become like a magnet for further stain development.)
0
Courteous, prompt, very thorough.  Did an awesome job, can't recommend highly enough!  Great pricing as well.
0
Gary was great.  Arrived on time, did an outstanding job cleaning carpet and four microfiber chairs.  What a difference.  I found him on Yelp (THANKS).  The park had four carpet cleaners listed, none actually cleaned carpet.  I think the park should put Moore and Sons on their list!
0
Wow! Gary got us in the next day, super professional on the phone and took the time to answer our questions as it was after 8 in the evening! He provided excellent service and he was very professional! We had our rental house carpets cleaned and were satisfied with the results. Gary provided us with tips on how to remove stains with what products etc. Would definitely use this company again!
