FzRv6TujmHxvgUhWqPjjnw
Carl's Jr
33.388385
-111.528079
3.0
2933 S Tomahawk Rd Apache Junction, AZ 85119
85119
13
Burgers
Restaurants
Take-out
Accepts Credit Cards
Drive-Thru
Outdoor Seating
Caters
Delivery
Has TV
Takes Reservations
Waiter Service
Good for Kids
Good For Groups
0
5
0
I was driving on US Route 60 east of Phoenix and needed a pit stop. I saw the sign for Carl's and decided to stop for lunch. The service was quick and the food was standard Carl's fare which I enjoy. My burger was moist and my onion rings were fried nicely. Very easy on-off from US Route 60. Also - the Circle K gas station/mini mart next door was convenient. I would recommend this Carl's for anybody passing through AJ.
0
Gotta love that spicy chicken sandwich. . .  clean facilities, great food, nice staff. I think this is the longest they've had a single restaurant in here, so they are doing pretty good.
0
I ordered the new cheesestake burger combo first time no steak no baked bun as advertised called mgr to complain. I ordered a big carl last week stale bun and one piece of cheese to much sauce sloppy burger.
0
Hate this place! On the window its advertised $5 for a 5 piece chicken tender combo and I wanted to substitute my fries for chili cheese fries and that is supposed to coat $1.39 extra. The guy charged us almost $4 for the chili cheese fries on top of the $5 we paid for the combo. We argued with him and he denied the picture was outside on the window. Service was slow, food was gross, and customer service sucked!!!!
0
In a horrible twist of fate. my car died right in the middle of their drive thru in the dead of the night.  David on their night crew, was AMAZING.  He helped me push my car into a space, and even brought me his phone to use.   I never thought Id find myself with a dead car and a dead phone in the middle of the night, but I am so grateful this outstanding employee was there to help me out.  You rarely see that level of service, and I'm not sure what I would've done without him.  In going above and beyond, he completely saved my night.
