gddZ_ofr7QHIxBx2nyojGQ
Thomas Dermatology East
35.9965064062
-115.122496821
2.5
9097 W Post Rd Ste 120 Southeast Henderson, NV 89052
89052
7
Skin Care
Dermatologists
Health & Medical
Doctors
Beauty & Spas
By Appointment Only
Accepts Credit Cards
0
3
0
I hate how doctors prescribe medicine without actually knowing what is wrong with the patient. Well that happened here with Dr. Christine Crovetti and my kid. No tests were done, she left the room looking into what my son MIGHT have then prescribed medication that had made him break out more a few days before... but it was okay because she prescribed an anti-viral to help with that (say that last sentience in a sarcastic voice). Then she got upset when I went to another dermatologist who actually did something and told me to go ahead and stop taking everything Crovetti prescribed until the test results were in because she didn't know what was wrong with him either.  If you're a doctor, it's okay to admit you don't know something. I would have had a lot more respect for Dr. Crovetti if she didn't try to "cure" my son when she didn't even know what was wrong with him in the first place. I'm so disappointed. Never have been to a dermatologist before and I get this whole experience as a starting point.
0
I would not recommend this place to anyone.  I went in for an initial consultation, which I was told would cost around $80-$90 because I was a self pay.  Dr. Vanessa came in and looked at me for about 5 mins or less and then told me that I should get one mole removed because it looked suspicious and that I could have some others removed for purely cosmetic reasons if I wanted to.  I agreed to have several procedures done and pay for them all upfront.  When I went out to pay and schedule my procedures they told me that it was going to be $160 for the initial visit.  I explained that that amount was double what i was initially quoted and they did not seem to care in the slightest.  I cancelled the procedures and reluctantly paid the full amount for the BS visit. I then called several other dermatologists in town and explained what had happened and they told me that if I came in to get checked out and they ended up needing to do a procedure that they would apply the initial fee 100% towards the cost of the procedure.  Four different dermatologists confirmed the same policy.   When I called back to offer them to still book the procedures if they applied the $160 towards them they told me that they would not do it. Thomas Dermatology does not value client relationships, they just want your money.  i will never go back here again, and warn anyone else to stay away.
1
Decent enough staff and doctor, but I had to wait almost an hour for my daughter's morning appointment.  Not fun with a 5- and a 3-year-old.
