gek_g8XYloM9I2QlGZlgYw
Eddie's Alehouse & Eatery
43.1831893921
-89.2116088867
4.0
238 E Main St. Sun Prairie, WI 53590
53590
16
Bars
Restaurants
Nightlife
Beer Bar
Sandwiches
Take-out
Accepts Credit Cards
Outdoor Seating
Good For Dancing
Takes Reservations
Happy Hour
Has TV
Coat Check
Waiter Service
Good for Kids
Good For Groups
0
6
0
The pork tenderloin sandwich was good with sweet baby rays bbq...but the shrimp was better.  The fries are closer to shoestring style, not a fan.  Had the Stella Artois cider, pretty decent.
0
Decent beer selection, though not many dark beers. Typical bar food. Bartender demanded cash immediately after I ordered instead of creating a tab for me and said it's too difficult to track tabs. Inconvenient. Buck and Honey's is much, much better.
0
Googled restaurants for lunch in Sun Prairie on our way back from Madison. Saw that there were many on Main Street so we decided to just cruise down and see what looked interesting. So glad that we did. If you're looking for a cozy classic pub with an awesome beer list AND tasty basic food this is the place.  Place was pretty full with what looked like local regulars and even though we were out of towners, we felt right at home and welcome. Even though the menu said order drinks and food at the bar our server came to our table was super friendly and made us feel right at home. I ordered a bowl of Gumbo and hand battered cheese curds - hubby order the Big Eddy burger. Lunch with drinks came to a whopping $18 and was super. Would definitely go back next time we're driving through Sun Prairie.
0
Excellent burgers, great beer selection. Nice interior, it's seat yourself and order at the bar.
0
Excellent beer selection! Always 10+ beers on tap that change up frequently and hundreds of different bottles to choose. The food is typical bar food, but it's a pretty mean burger. I recommend this place for a chill, laid back type of night.
0
An incredible beer selection and great pub food.  The Friday fish is very good.  Also a good atmosphere to enjoy some time with friends.
