GlwE1QtZ2eVmHvMmfOtPWg
Paseo Vista Park
36.019572
-115.0972495
4.5
2505 Paseo Verde Pkwy Anthem Henderson, NV 89052
89052
4
Active Life
Playgrounds
Parks
Good for Kids
0
7
1
This park is really great, let me count the ways: 1. Located near GVR, The District, and the Henderson Pavilion (site of the Friday farmers market) 2. Two (2!) really nice playgrounds. 3. Splashpad during the summer from 9am-9pm. 4. BBQs 5. Basketball Courts 6. Chairs & tables with built-in chess/checkers boards. 7. Pits for horseshoes or bocce. 8. Dog park. My only complaint would be that it's so new, the trees are really young and don't yet provide much shade....oh, and I wish I lived a little closer!
0
We enjoy going to this park.  My kids love that it has two playgound, splash pad area and a field they can play in.  There is also a dog park that is attched to it.  The parking can sometimes be a pain but it is close to the house and we will return.
0
This is a great park and really big.  Two different playgrounds and a water park area.  A dog park as well and a decent amount of grass.  Playgrounds have canopy over them to block the sun.
0
Nice park!  2 playgrounds with nice equipment. Large open grass area, splash pad area, and several benches and picnic areas. We will definitely go here again.
0
Met with the wife here while her and some co-workers were practicing for a work related volleyball game. Beautiful park, easy parking, a couple of ol' timers with their dogs who were inviting and talkative (in a good way) perfectly clean, and grass grass GRASS!
0
This is a great clean park to do a little bit of everything. There's a splash pad for the kids, and two separate play areas. There is a dog park adjacent to it which is decent in size. Additionally, this is a great park to watch fireworks with close up view on 4th of July launching from Green Valley Ranch Resort. The park has a big enough field of grass to play in. The downside is limited parking and not enough big trees to produce lots of shade.
2
Pros - Close to house, two sets of swings and slides and what looks like a water pad. Cons - Water pad doesn't look used, the park itself is on the small side and doesn't have a lot of seating for picknickers or partiers, and it is right on the street where the ice cream truck can zoom up to entice kids to run into traffic or crazies can yell obscenities as they drive by. Luckily the kids don't pay much attention to the street traffic and stay and play. The park is well maintained and has restrooms and a water fountain.
