GMou4xCexYN5T8opCZvz0g
Choices
33.3350177
-111.9270792
5.0
1006 E Warner Rd Ste 110 Tempe, AZ 85284
85284
7
Hair Salons
Beauty & Spas
Nail Salons
By Appointment Only
Accepts Credit Cards
Good for Kids
lot
0
3
2
I've been going to Choices hair salon for almost 15 years now. They are polite, pleasant, and reasonably priced. Of all their stylists I recommend "Just Doug" In these uncertain times most stylists are raising their prices and slashing their services. Doug hasn't raised his prices in years and states he wont. He's usually the first in the salon and the last to leave in the evening. He does a terrific job of styling hair and as long as he's there I will always wait to sit in his chair.
0
To start, I am a complete spaz about who I let do my hair! Most of my girlfriends out here go to Michelle at Choices Salon, so I gave it a try.... She was amazing! I got exactly what I asked for and the layers which I am normally too scared to attempt (since in the past they've been butchered) looked better than I hoped for! She is gorgeous and young, so you'll know it's her when you see the tall trendy brunette when you walk-in. On a side note, she's also the one who takes walk-ins if she's not booked solid that day! She's a definite asset to the salon as well bringing in lots of younger clientele!
0
This review is for Myra, I've been going to Myra since I was 14 years old, I'm now 24. She has never raised her price- I've always paid the same thing! She does AWESOME color, I get all over platinum blonde highlights and they are great! She has done my hair for numerous dances, events, and even my wedding and I always love it and am so happy! She is the sweetest thing, so funny, kind, and nice. I love talking to her and look forward to going so we can catch up! She is so great- over the years I've gotten my mom, sister, friend, her mom, her sister in law, and numerous people my mom work with to go there and everyone LOVES her. She is so great, if you go to Choices, you have to ask for Myra! :)
