H-n_ldCI3Q16rLVJsAxRMg
Vid Noodles
36.0422862321
-115.121729895
4.0
2185 E Windmill Ln Ste 200 Southeast Las Vegas, NV 89123
89123
16
Cantonese
Chinese
Restaurants
Take-out
Accepts Credit Cards
Outdoor Seating
Caters
lot
Good For Groups
Delivery
Dogs Allowed
Has TV
Takes Reservations
Waiter Service
Good for Kids
Wheelchair Accessible
0
8
2
Great find!  It's a new hole-in-the-wall mom & pop noodle shop where the owner, Vid (very friendly guy and great cook), says it's mostly Hong Kong style soup/noodles, but there were other things on the menu.  Very clean with modern decor...both table and counter seating.  5-stars for great food each visit, and very reasonably priced.  One of my new favorite places!
0
Simple menu and good noodles. The pot stickers are fresh grilled on one side. For the price especially  the food is very good. The restaurant is hard to find right now: the temp sign is small. It is behind the chase manhattan and KFC.
0
My new favorite spot for the days I am to busy to cook. I just pick up and go. The short ribs are outstanding. The service is great too.
0
I go here all the time!! Super nice owners! Most importantly the food is AMAZING!!! My favorite is the pot stickers, and the No. 2 spicy noodles with yummy meat! The place is cute and clean. Great service as well!
0
Shoyu ramen is so good. I tried d pot stickers because thats what d others recommended but I wasn't a big fan, thats probably just me though..
0
The noodles are amazing! Great menu, exceptional customer service! So happy to have such a good place near me to grab a quick dinner or lunch!
1
This reminds me of a noodle shop/café. It's new and clean but a bit pricey for the kind of food and the amount you get. I ordered the beef stew noodle soup and only got 4 piece of meat...extremely disappointed as most the dish was noodles and broth. Its a start up business and I hope they do well by improving.
0
A small place in a hidden corner, the owner is the chef plus waiter. It is simple and fast, the beef noodle tastes good.
