hiYj3_r4RbuHQJ--rAflMg
Turtle Jack's
43.4100594247
-80.3998496623
2.5
4289 King Street E Kitchener, ON N2P 2E9
2E9
12
Burgers
American (Traditional)
Canadian (New)
Restaurants
Take-out
Drive-Thru
Takes Reservations
Delivery
Waiter Service
Accepts Credit Cards
Good for Kids
Good For Groups
0
5
0
AMAZING APPETIZERS. I was shocked by how food they were. The rest was just okay.  They present the food nicely, which makes it interesting and fun, but the food is never anything special.  I like the restaurant though, go for the brisetta!
0
I threw up after eating here. Very unpleasant.
0
I went there with my sister and brother in-law. I ordered the turkey avocado club. The bread was amazing! The turkey was way too dry and there was way too much guacamole on it and it kind of overpowered everything. It was good, though. And the bread was so tasty it made up for it. My sister ordered some spicy wrap thing that was way too spicy and sweet potato fries, which did not come with the aoli mayo that it was supposed to have with it (she had to ask for it a few times). My bro in-law had the bison meatloaf and said it was ok, but a little dry. The servers were very nice and attentive and the atmosphere was good, so I would go there again.
0
Favourite place to eat. Everything is very fresh. I will come back again and again
0
You would think You couldn't mess up wings and beer?  10 of us went for Wings on a Monday night.  We were the only customers they had at 9 pm in the evening.  It took 45 minutes to get 7lbs of wings and 3 orders of nachos.  Did I mention that we were the only customers there?  Once the food arrived it was apparent that half the order sat getting cold while the rest of the order was cooking.  They could have brought it out in two different servings.  The wings were 1/2 mild and 1/2 medium which we couldn't taste the difference. They were dry and unseasoned.   The nachos were dry, with not too many toppings and cold.  Too bad because we used to come here at least once a month.
