HmsuR4Oj_Y6c3RTIYQdJiQ
Luk's Soft Pretzels
36.100361
-115.116311
3.5
2510 E Tropicana Ave Ste 301 Eastside Las Vegas, NV 89121
89121
4
Food
Pretzels
Accepts Credit Cards
lot
0
7
0
Great place for some fresh made by hand pretzels, that are not part of a large chain of stores (like at the mall).  My kids love these pretzels and we highly recommend them to anyone looking for a great soft pretzel.
0
We just stopped once - but as far as I can tell they are pure Philly style - loved them!
1
Horrible. Not friendly. Didn't greet us when we walked in.  You think with 4 people working, that your food would be fresh and hot. I just ordered 3 pretzels and jalapeño cheese. What we got were 3 hard and cold pretzels that had to be sitting their for a while and the cheese was nacho cheese in a bag. Not warm but cold. Very disappointing visit. We will not be back. Take pride in your job. There is no need to have 7 pretzels sit in the warmer than doesn't even warm.
0
Christmas Treat!!! Today I bought candy cane shaped pretzels!!!   Wonderful for holiday parties.  You can even serve them with soup or salad.  Twenty seconds in the microwave( i know some may cringe) and wonderful perfection. To Amy C...Did you ask them to warm the pretzels and cheese for you?
2
Authentic Philly soft pretzels with the proper consistency and taste.  In Philly, they are eaten plain or with mustard, but they do accommodate with different toppings and flavors.   You won't find better pretzels in Vegas if you appreciate the real thing.
1
Disappointed. The dip is cheese whiz?! Really? Only regular salted pretzels that were cold and hard. Not what we were really hopping for. I had hopped for specialty, maybe a pizza pretzel! The filled kind. Wont be returning
0
You would think that the pretzels would be soft and fresh. I ordered a basic pretzel and had them warm it for me. When I bit into it, it was tough and tasted like something you would expect from a heat lamp box at a gas station.  Thank the stars I only ordered one. I was thinking about getting a couple to take home when I pulled in the parking lot. Once I got inside, nothing inspired me to want more.
