HudJ7VDcaxrdPbrWU67eJg
Pizza Hut
35.9980464
-115.2063989
3.0
10520 Southern Highlands Pkwy #110 Southwest Las Vegas, NV 89141
89141
13
Pizza
Restaurants
Take-out
Accepts Credit Cards
Outdoor Seating
Caters
Good For Groups
Delivery
Has TV
Takes Reservations
Waiter Service
Good for Kids
Wheelchair Accessible
0
8
1
OK.. So we had pizza last night. We did the $10 for any kind or type of pizza. So I ordered a stuff crust meatlover, pan crust supreme, and pan crust pepperoni lovers. Along with that, I got a double order of chicken alfredo pasta, buffalo medium bone in wings, buffalo medium bone out wings, double order of cheesey bread, and got a free order of breaksticks; just for getting the chicken pasta! It came out to rounding off $70. It was all worth it, cause them fambam ate all of it. The lady that took my order was kind enough to carry the pizzas to my car even though I said that I could carry them. WE LOVE SOME PIZZA. We get pizza at least once a week.
2
Pizza huts food takes like crap!
1
It's a shame this place has terrible review because the service and food I have received from this Pizza Hut have always been to the highest of my expectations. I order on my iPhone for carrry-out and it is ready in 15 mins! Love that. Food is good too. Pizza Hut beats all chain pizza restaurants, in my opinion. And, this restaurant does a good job.
2
no star!!! ordered the $19.99 big box, it came 35 mins late after the promised time! the food was COLD!!! how??? it's only .5 mile from my house!!! the pizza tasted greasy and cardboard box, the wings was cold and dry!!!
1
Wings were outstanding!
0
Great small Pizza Hut! Nice staff and very efficient. I like that there system remembers your previous orders so it makes ordering very quick.  The one item that is memorable is that I ordered online once and under special instructions I asked them I wish my son a happy birthday and they really did it! My son was so happy they drew a cake and all on the box!
0
It's close to home and cheap. All I can say.  Being a pizza fanatic, its not even in my top 15.
0
Just doesn't taste good like Pizza Hut used to. Thank god a couple other pizza places opened up that deliver.
