hw7_JvMCU8vdJdZ72urABA
Starbucks
55.9439662
-3.1832301
4.0
140 Nicolson Street Newington Edinburgh EH8 9EH
9EH
8
Food
Coffee & Tea
Take-out
Accepts Credit Cards
Has TV
Outdoor Seating
Waiter Service
Good For Groups
0
6
1
Dull as Starbucks can be, when it comes to this branch it's location. location, location that does it for me. Nicholson Street is one of the more interesting areas just off the city centre. With local immigrant communities, students and some shifter local characters in the melting pot, it's got a fantastic buzz and bustling atmosphere. It's a bit poky, but there's no better place in town to have an apple and cinammon donut thing, a coffee, and stare out into the wilderness.
0
I'm not the biggest fan of coffee shops, I guess the fact that I don't like coffee doesn't really help matters. I do, however, quite like this branch of Starbucks on Nicolson Street. It isn't as big as other Starbuck chains which makes it feel a lot more cosy and friendly which many huge branches lack as they feel so impersonal.  As Gavin said, Nicolson Street is also a great location and as I tend to find myself on this street rather a lot, it's the perfect pit stop for me.  Usually my order is a Tazo Chai Tea (with extra cinnamon sprinkles) and a lemon and poppy seed muffin. Delish!
0
i am one of the biggest advocators or Starbucks....ok I know to some coffee-lovers that's hen-us, but I love the chilled atmosphere and the friendly staff and the good products. However this branch isn't one I would recommend. It's small, the staff are a bit nippy, and the tables are never clean. Plus it's always really busy.
0
Not many plugins... A small seating area... Mostly nice and clean!
1
get my coffee, drink it, enjoy it!
2
Lovely little place. The seating is very adequate for a cafe shop. They have a combination of sofas and big chairs. The internet is working well. The rest is the usual scheme of design and menu one sees in a Starbucks cafe.  The only downfall is the amount of people using this shop. It's always very busy. Haha
