i9xmoc3CRotbK1OZKm0TnQ
Port of Subs
36.1152259
-115.3092829
4.5
10120 W Flamingo Rd Ste 4 Spring Valley Las Vegas, NV 89147
89147
14
Sandwiches
Restaurants
Take-out
Outdoor Seating
Caters
lot
Good For Groups
Delivery
Has TV
Takes Reservations
Waiter Service
Accepts Credit Cards
Good for Kids
Wheelchair Accessible
0
9
0
I finally tried this place and I wasn't disappointed. I had a Chipotle Chicken Sandwich (which I think was a special item on the menu) and Broccoli Cheese Soup. I love how this place slices their meats and cheeses right when you order. It makes this place stand out from any other chain sandwich place. The ingredients here taste fresher. The soup had good sizes of broccoli and it wasn't salty. It was perfect. No need to add anything. The soup was self served and I got a refill but I'm not sure if you're not supposed to. No one stopped me. My meal was SOOOOOOOOO YUMMY!!! I definitely will be back.
0
I frequent this location because I've seen several hygiene issues at other locations and this particular location is immaculate. The food is always fresh and delicious.  The reason I choose 3 stars instead of 5 is because of the specific employees. There are two younger gentlemen that are incredible at building your sandwich: they're patient, friendly and precise. Then there are two middle aged employees that usually work during the day that are very sloppy when making a sandwich. They're friendly enough but that doesn't make my sandwich taste good. I prefer to go when the two young guys are working but it doesn't always work that way. I will continue to visit this location and maybe they'll retrain their other employees so the quality remains good. I'd love to revisit this review in a month and change it to a "5".
1
I'm happy to see that Port Of Subs pays attention to online reviews. My previous issues have been addressed and changes have been made accordingly. I've had several recent visits that have been awesome. Thanks guys!
0
For some reason, this place just doesn't pack the same goony goodness that the location on Charleston does. It's all the same ingredients, same decor, same EVERYTHING-- I just don't get it? The staff is real nice, we went in today and it was one of those days where we came at the right time bc as soon as we sat down after we ordered, everyone in the neighborhood seemed to be hungry at the same time and the line wrapped around the restaurant. Unfortunately the staff seems to get quite overwhelmed with the lunch rush, doesn't seem like they're very used to it by the looks on their faces and the frantic-ness felt around that time. It was to the point to where they ran out of 2 different sodas and they couldn't send someone to go to the back and take 2 seconds to change out the syrups.  Like I said, for some reason even though this restaurant has the same everything, seems like the location on Charleston has some secret ingredient that they're not sharing with this location.
0
Great customer service!!!! Always on top of orders! I love they know exactly what my fiancé and I want! Makes it so convenient
0
Cassandra makes this place rock! She knows my order by heart! We love the hospitality
0
Cassandra Angie Jeff and Kari are amazing! Loving this place
0
It was great that even after a month Drew came in to this location and still remembered our order! Talk about great hospitality!
0
Will miss Cassandra! Great employee  Thank you Jeff, Angie. Zack 4 the best too! Great service! Clean! Very friendly!
