ivtZQyk8W-ZRbUHkUpXh6Q
Panera Bread
43.0758121
-89.4462794
4.0
3416 University Ave Madison, WI 53705
53705
17
Soup
Sandwiches
Salad
Restaurants
Take-out
Accepts Credit Cards
Outdoor Seating
Caters
Good For Groups
Delivery
Has TV
lunch
breakfast
Takes Reservations
Waiter Service
Good for Kids
Wheelchair Accessible
0
7
0
Oh Panera's....I always feel virtuous and healthy when I eat here, but in reality the breads are probably just as bad for me as a buger.  Oh well, the food is terrific and I always find a new soup to try.  Chocolate croissants and baguettes in the bakery are fantastic.  I hit this place up for lunch a couple times a month.  Yum. 5 stars.
0
Staff is very friendly. The place is clean and the food is good.
0
Staff was very friendly.  Food and coffee --- good as always.....
0
Food is good but the WiFi is HORRIBLE. Don't expect to get anything done at 56k.
0
Nice to see that Panera is the same here in Madison WI. Good quality food, very nice employees. This is a fairly busy location but they move people through rather quickly.
0
I'm giving this place 4 stars just cause I'm usually a fan of Panera bread. Especially their pecan rolls.  Only downside though is this one does not have enough outlets! :( More outlets please.
1
I just starting really enjoy going to Panera Breads. I was originally not a fan of their food but thanks to my co workers, I really like dropping by for a nice lunch. They have a large variety of foods to select from for all meals if the day and even snack. I am a fan of their strawberry chicken salad and Asian chicken salad. However, the only salad dressing I care for is the dressing that comes with the Asian chicken salad. I think the other dressings are far too tangy.  This specific location is great because it's easy access for people who do not drive but leave in the area. There are plenty of buses that makes stops directly in front of the restaurant . One thing that I do wish for is them adding more outlets. I like to sometime  bring work and my laptop with me when I dine inside. However, thy have hardly any outlets for charging electronics.  Because of that, I often leave earlier than I would like because my battery starts to run low. This could be done on purpose from Paneras end because they don't want people to overstay their visit as finding seats can be problematic. They do offer free 2 hour service wifi. If too many people are connected, you may get booted or have extremely slow service. I really would give them a 3 stars. I reserve  4 & 5 stars to high end restaurants only but I really do enjoy their food and beverages. Good spot!
