iZdynPTpKwbX5O3uLeC9Gg
Chicago Gyros
33.6403912
-112.1870284
4.0
5932 W Bell Rd Ste D-109 Glendale, AZ 85308
85308
13
Greek
Mediterranean
Restaurants
Take-out
Accepts Credit Cards
Outdoor Seating
Delivery
Has TV
Takes Reservations
casual
Waiter Service
Good for Kids
Good For Groups
0
8
0
Outstanding Gyro place.  Their combo is $7.25 and comes with a healthy serving of fries and a large soda.  Their roasted red pepper humus is very good and the pita bread is fresh.  The shop itself looks brand new and well stocked.  I'd highly recommend this place.
0
Under New Ownership. Owner is very friendly and nice. Slight issue with our order once we got home, which she corrected upon our return (we live right around the block) and she even went above and beyond to slip in a free dessert. Thank you! Very nice service. Good Food and generous portions.
0
Outstanding. Fresh and tasty. The gyro and the fries were amazing, and I would recommend this to anyone.
1
Under new ownership. Food was good before, now it's great. Spoke with Diana the owner and was pleasantly surprised. Very nice woman who takes pride in her product. Happy to see it, and I wish there was more like her.
0
Gyros are great hot wing have way too much sauce and it is runny more like soup. To messy to eat
0
Ordered the hummus pita and Greek salad.  Pita was fully loaded and filling.  Hummus was tasty.  Everything came out fast, but was freshly made.  Romaine on the salad was crisp and had the right amount of dressing.  Bathroom was clean, as was the entire restaurant.  This is a family business and is run well.  Will be returning.
0
I absolutely LOVE this place. I go here about once or twice ever 1-2 weeks. The owner always remembers me and my co-worker, is always super friendly and the food is absolutely delicious. The fries are crispy and very tasty, the gyros pita, chicken pita, hummus, just everything is so good and the pricing is decent too. I enjoy the atmosphere and there's a decent amount of seating inside. Just a great place!
0
After new ownership this place went down hill! The hummus doesn't taste right! The hotziki sauce doesn't even taste good! The service is terrible. And it looks like everyone hates their lives. I miss the old owners. I will only be going to 7st and union and the one on 44th st. DONT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY ON THIS PLACE.
