Jbk3Xauaflim-hVaiTBsMA
C3 Arms
33.62758
-112.134346
2.0
15610 N 35th Ave Ste 3 Phoenix, AZ 85053
85053
7
Shopping
Guns & Ammo
Dogs Allowed
lot
Accepts Credit Cards
Good for Kids
Wheelchair Accessible
0
5
0
Pls be very careful before you use this store, especially on gun transfers. Friend of mine has had a gun damaged AT THE STORE and they finally admitted it after much "shuffling of their feet and not looking the owner in the face."  Then after agreeing to pay for the repairs are now saying "you have no proof of what happened" of all things and waffling on what they initially agreed to do!  Used to be an excellent place to work with but not any more. Hey Clint, pls prove all of us wrong and do the right thing!
0
I had ordered a revolver from this dealer back in January that they were unable to fill.  The staff and the owner were able to assist in solving the problem in May by making me a great deal on another revolver they had in stock.  I am again very pleased with their customer service and finding a very favorable to me solution.  This is my second purchase from this dealer and are always very reasonble on price.  I would rather purchase my firearms from a small business rather than a big box store when price is comparable and customer service is outstanding.  I will be returning after the hoopla of gun and ammo shortages cease to make another purchase.  Thank you again c3 arms.
0
I am very price motivated when purchasing my firearms and compared and haggled prices at three different gun dealers.  C3 Arms was able to give me the best price and service for my last two handgun purchases.  I will again give them the opportunity to sell me another handgun after the craziness of price gouging for all guns and ammunition across the country ends.
0
C L O S E D Signs are all down, store completely empty.  No information posted other than for lease sign. Website shutdown, facebook last updated 11/27/2013. Google shows ATF issue September of 2013, owner transfer and break in October of 2013.  C3 Forum removed from Arizona Shooters forum.
0
It appears that C3 has gone out of business. The website has been shut down. Calls to all of their listed phone numbers are listed as not in service. Don't waste your time.
