k4JV4ZZpePUvyYRB56k75g
SOL AZTECA FUSION GRILL
43.0470342
-89.3939631
3.5
1821 S Park St Bram's Addition Madison, WI 53713
53713
18
Italian
Mexican
Japanese
Restaurants
Take-out
Accepts Credit Cards
Outdoor Seating
Caters
street
lot
Good For Groups
Delivery
Dogs Allowed
Has TV
Takes Reservations
Waiter Service
Good for Kids
Wheelchair Accessible
0
3
0
Got this place through delivery so can't review the restaurant itself really but only the quality of the food and its fantastic. It has taken the top of my list for chimichanga(vegetarian, with tofu) no less. I've never even had anything like it before and it was quite amazing. Similar style to Burrito Drive with fresh vegetables and TOFU mixed in. Quite a large serving. The rice and beans was amazing also - probably the best I've ever had. The price was about what i expect. I'm really excited to try other parts of this restaurant's menu such as the Udon Bowl.
1
Have had really bad experiences getting delivery two times from my original review so downgrading from 4 to 2 stars.  The chimichanga that I originally got (Tofu asado) has been made differently each time after it - drastically different. First time was Cheese, vegetables and tofu. Second time was Rice, beans and tofu(no cheese) Third time was Tofu and Steak(no cheese) I'm not sure how the same menu item can be made so drastically different with the third time being the biggest issue as I don't eat meat and actually had to complain to the delivery service for a refund. I'm not sure if it is an english translation issue or just a major mistake . I am not sure how such huge modifications can be made without my input to the meal I order. The chile relano is still great and something I would get again but I was not impressed by the enchiladas and the first chimichanga seems like a distant dream of goodness.
0
This place was great! Wonderful and  friendly service, delicious and hot homemade tortilla chips, and delicious entrees. We had vegetarian enchiladas and the chicken torta.  Everyone loved their food and we will definitely come back.
