ksrFUcwnsWS0rW8a1UeKvA
The 41
43.4499987
-80.4896238
3.5
41 King Street West Kitchener, ON N2G 1A3
1A3
10
Gastropubs
Restaurants
Take-out
Takes Reservations
Delivery
Has TV
Waiter Service
Accepts Credit Cards
Good for Kids
Good For Groups
0
3
0
I was looking forward to a meal at the 41 but I was quite disappointed. The space is comfortable and nicely decorated. However, the food and service did not meet our expectations - particularly based on the prices. The first problem we had was that the first three bottles of wine we ordered were sold out. This left us only with very high priced wine available to order. After some discussion the Maitre D' offered us one of these bottles at a lower price to compensate. This was appreciated and was a nice touch. The food was unremarkable. I had the burger and fries which was fine but could have used a flavour punch. My friend had the chicken "Kiev" which was very disappointing. We ordered the cheese platter and the creme brule for dessert. The creme brule was very small and lacked in flavour while the cheese plate did not have a great selection. The service was very slow and inattentive. We had to request water and were often looking for the server's attention - to order and to pay.
1
On a whim and a strong recommendation from a friend of mine I went for dinner. I opted for the CHEAPEST entree on the menu which was the burger and fries.  It was excellent.  It was everything I wanted in a gastro-pub burger except of course the portion.  As my readers know I suffer from an eating disorder...  I HAVE TO EAT ALL OF THE FOODS!!!  I can't stop until it's gone and then I need more... and more... and MORE. Sadly my finances were the limiting factor.  I would have loved to try an appy but the entree, 2 drinks and a coffee were all this starving artist can afford at a joint as pricey as this one. The most remarkable part of the evening however was the house-made smoked paprika ketchup.  It absolutely blew my mind. I know I know... I can hear your disbelief.  The ketchup was that good.  It was amazing on the crispy delicious fries and it made the burger magical.   And no, I'm AN ORCHESTRA  musician.  My drug of choice is music/coffee/beer/food and nothing else. I will absolutely be back when I can afford another special night out.
1
Fresh simply dishes. Short but quality cocktail menu. A few dishes could use more thorough seasoning.  Highly recommend the pork belly entree and the blue cheesecake. Attentive yet not overbearing service. If you're lucky you'll have the pleasure to be waited on by an older Dutch gentlemen who will share interesting stories from WWII!
