ljUbvHy3lWF2fStFpznv-g
Arby's
33.2975651
-111.7461866
4.0
2889 S Market St Gilbert, AZ 85295
85295
10
Fast Food
Restaurants
Take-out
Drive-Thru
Delivery
Outdoor Seating
Takes Reservations
Accepts Credit Cards
Good for Kids
Good For Groups
0
8
5
Yeah, I know its just an Arby's, but I was pretty impressed. The place was clean, fast, and tasty. The side salad was very fresh and crispy. Employees asked how everything was while I was eating too. Great Pepsi soda fountain as well with drinks you don't normally see. Only complaint is the lack of healthier food choices, but yeah, it is an Arby's. At the exit door, there is a loud bell you can ring if the service was good. When it rings, every employee yells thank you or whistles so that the customer that rang it can hear. I thought it was a nice touch and I rang the bell myself.
2
Its an Arby's, but its consistent. Never had a messed up order, never had bad service, and that is a lot to say in this day and age.
2
Rated 2nd cleanest Arby's in the United States! Excellent facility, service and good!
0
Best Arby's I've seen, good service with a nice clean environment and quality food. Wish there were more in this area.
0
Very friendly service, very clean fast food restaurant, and the Mid Roast Beef sandwich I ordered was nice and full of juicy roast beef.
0
About the best you can expect from a fast food restaurant. I had to grab a quick dinner here with a couple co-workers before heading to a work function. It was clean, the food was good for fast food, and the staff was friendly and quick. Let me pre-solve a mystery for you, though - the straws are hidden in a cutout in the walls on the opposite side of the counter from the drink lids. You're welcome.
1
I went here for lunch during work one day last week, and almost ordered the beef and cheddar combo that I know I love, but saw the three cheese and bacon combo.  I was leery about getting it because I hadn't tried it yet, and because it was going to be over $9 for a small combo!  I got it and was not happy.  The sandwich didn't have much taste and was only slightly warm.  Also, the fries looked like they were the ones left over in the bottom of the basket, as none of them were any longer than an inch.  For some reason, at this location, I never get the curly fries that are actually long and curly, just broken, short fries.  I was still hungry after my meal.  $9 (including tax) for this meal is certainly not worth it.  I will also think twice about getting fries here again, if things don't change.
0
Husband and I love Arby's although it's far from home, but this time was even better with the service and attention we got from an employee. Thanks so much for brightening up our day Elliott!!!!
