lmmDRNJZ2nq2Wxfkmmy7Jg
Sorena Kebab House
43.4750114
-80.5245553
4.0
220 King Street N Waterloo, ON N2J 4V7
4V7
14
Afghan
Egyptian
Persian/Iranian
Middle Eastern
Restaurants
Accepts Credit Cards
Outdoor Seating
Caters
Takes Reservations
Delivery
Has TV
Waiter Service
Good for Kids
Good For Groups
0
5
0
I have tested several restaurant for Kobbideh Kebob menu and I can definitely say that this place serves the best Koobideh I have ever had. Don't miss their wraps they are really delicious and the price is amazing! you can have a chicken wrap for only 3.99$+tax!!
2
great taste, generous portions, comfortable atmosphere. excellent value.  so far i've tried their koobideh, joojeh and chenjeh, which are fantastic.  when you get the platter w/ rice, you'll still get salad, so you won't leave hungry.  the tomatoes are roasted so nicely too. they really cover their bases with everything and leave you satisfied.
3
Best Kebob ever! This restaurant offers variety of Persian dishes at a reasonable price. Totally recommended.
4
great food, good service and charming staff.. been here a couple times so far and was never disappointed... K/W finally has a great persian restaurant...
2
This is a new restaurant, beware the other reviews as management has flooded Yelp with over twelve 5+ reviews (all posted on June 10/11? Really?). Weekday lunch: Service is friendly, but slow - there was only one person in charge of doing everything and it took longer than expected despite there only being 3 customers total. The owner likes to talk to people, no problem with that. The $3.99 beef wrap is a good deal for its size. It was smaller than average and greasy, but definitely good value for the amount paid. Confusingly, veggie and chicken wraps are more expensive ($4.49 and $4.99 respectively - a veggie wrap more expensive than beef wrap!?) Overall, 4 stars for good value after considering cost. Food had more taste than the more expensive Shawerma Plus ($8.69 incl. fries + drink) nearby, but was definitely smaller, greasier and unhealthier....  No posted menu, only the delivery menus so it is confusing when you first walk in where to order from.
