lPlpxeXzuFYEiBXsJLen1w
Spectacle
36.146584
-115.30075
5.0
9410 W Sahara Ave Ste 110 Westside Las Vegas, NV 89117
89117
5
Optometrists
Health & Medical
By Appointment Only
Accepts Credit Cards
Wheelchair Accessible
0
5
1
Awesome brands with a wide variety of both sunglasses and ophthalmic glasses. I took my family here to get their eye exams done and to purchase glasses so being able to do both at a reasonable price and not having to wait for HOURS just to see the doc was amazing. Dr. Vanessa Kim also worked really well with my 6 year old daughter. And to top it off, we received their new glasses within the time frame given. So two thumbs up to the new growing business.
0
Phenomenal display cases, great atmosphere, trendy eye-wear, very modern, sleek and clean!
1
A beautiful boutique filled with latest trendy designer frames and the latest exam diagnostic equipment. Dr. Kim and her staff will get you seeing straight again while looking stylish.  I have a hard-to-fit wide face and Spectacle was able to fit me into a pair of Nike frames with high-index lenses. This pair weighs next-to-nothing considering my severe myopic prescription. My wife got herself a cool red pair of Dolce & Gabbana frames.
0
Recently I was looking for an optometrist that not only has a lot of experience and knowledge, but one that also has a good selection of high quality frames.  A very good friend of mine referred me to Dr. Kim.  I must say, I was thoroughly impressed with my overall experience. They have the latest in high tech exam equipment and they do not do the air puff test but have something much better, which was a big deal for me since I have sensitive eye's, they also have all the designer frames that you can't find anywhere else. Spectacle is truly a one stop shop for those who have high expectations for optometrists and eyewear. Oh and I forgot to mention, we went back to see Dr. Kim because I thought my wife had pink eye.  After we saw Dr. Kim she let us know that in fact my wife did not have pink eye, but an eye infection due to using old contact solution. My wife's eye was back to normal in only a couple of days. We will definitely be going back to see her again in the future.
1
This place is great.... they are so nice, so friendly. The store is very classy. Their equipment is top of the line and there are lots of beautiful famous brands frames to choose from....forget Boca Park. This is the place to go. Dr. Kim and Jenay will provide you with the kindest attention you haven't experienced in a long time.
