M_GFrB5jq323JAIh9aU0Bw
The Fat Burrito
33.366193
-111.825118
2.5
904 N McQueen Rd Gilbert, AZ 85233
85233
10
Mexican
Restaurants
Take-out
Delivery
Outdoor Seating
Waiter Service
Takes Reservations
Accepts Credit Cards
Good for Kids
Good For Groups
0
6
2
The Fat Burrito is great.   I went there for lunch and had a carne asada burrito.  They have two sizes; 'Beto Burrito' and the 'Fat Burrito'.  I had the smaller Beto, but thing was no wimpy burrito.  Besides being bigger than expected, it tasted great!   The service was quick and friendly.  They have a full menu and I will be back to try others.
5
This place is literally across the street from my house. Which is the ONLY reason I eat there (as rare as it is).  The Fat Burrito is like a dumbed down version of Chipotle.  It has a line cook that makes your big ass burrito to order and then you pay for it at the end of the line.  Truth be told, the burritos are decent.  Nothing exceptional, but decent.  The Chicken Quesadilla's are made by folding a huge tortilla in half, and the nachos are from homemade chips (that look like they were cooked a week prior)... The place is clean and the cook/owner is a humongous guy.  He's cheery and funny, and almost makes you forget the fact that his place is mediocre.  I have never had a bad trip.  Then again, I have never had an exceptional trip either. I give this the dreaded "Meh" seal of mediocrity.
1
this may be the fastest I have ever Yelped and it proves that I am hopelessly addicted to this foresaken site!!! Was in the area and figured I would hit up this burrito place.  i was in the mood for the slop that makes a tasty burrito.  This certainly was not bad. HUGE burrito. lots and lots and lots of meat tons of sauce, guac, cheese, pico, and more of all that too. Pretty tasty and now I am stuffed.  I am in the area from time to time so I think I will go back and kill some more burritos.
0
with a name like Fat Burrito, I had really high expectations.  I'm not sure how this place exists.  I couldn't even finish my carne asada burrito because it was so bad and I usually can put down anything. its a poor bootleg version of chipotle, assembly style...but its terrible.  I don't recommend this place unless you want to taste a terrible burrito.
1
I'm pretty sure this place has been closed for a few months now, which is too bad because I actually kinda sorta liked their food. Nothing to write home about, but cheap and effective nonetheless.
0
It's closed now.  Los Favoritos took it's place.  A significant improvement.
