MFPUNh29shXVupvIPl3VGA
Arby's
33.433916
-111.865044
1.5
953 N Dobson Rd Mesa, AZ 85201
85201
8
Fast Food
Restaurants
Take-out
Takes Reservations
Delivery
Waiter Service
Accepts Credit Cards
Good for Kids
0
5
0
We got the new philly steak sandwich.  It was very good, people were friendly, and the horsey sauce was plentiful.  Wish they had coke products,
0
A 15 minute wait to drive through window pretty much invalidates your status as "fast food" I could have been served at a sit down restaurant and be done eating by now.
0
I will not visit your location again.  You do not honor your coupons.  There were two times I gave the register worker a coupon and they were not applied to a drive thru order.  Both times valid coupons were used, and one instance was greeted with negativity and the response that I did not need to use a coupon.  The price on the menu does not include the coupon.  I will not bring my money to your establishment if you do not honor your own advertising.
0
My husband and I usually love Arby's,but I will never be returning to this Arby's. every single time I have been to this location there has been something Wrong with my order! The first time, we got breakfast and my biscuits were very under cooked it was just dough covered in gravy. The second time, we got something completely different then what we ordered. The third time, I found a blond hair in my food! My hair is black! Every time I tried to take my food back to show them they completely disregard me and treat me like I'm lying and in the hair situation they walked a few feet away and said "it's probably her hair anyway!" Like I said my hair is black!
1
Tried their 2 for $5 fish sandwiches and their $1.89 side salad.  The fish sandwich had too much bread for my liking and the fish was just okay.  The salad was iceberg and not worth me getting again.  The service was excellent and the lady manager is doing a great job,  The place is nicely decorate but I didn't think the food was worth me coming back for,
