MH7FX9S88Kl1TyXUSl4U7g
Na Na Thai Kitchen
36.1311926
-115.2077993
4.5
3210 S Decatur Blvd Ste 104 Westside Las Vegas, NV 89102
89102
9
Thai
Restaurants
Take-out
Accepts Credit Cards
Delivery
Has TV
Waiter Service
Good for Kids
Good For Groups
0
3
2
I visited here for the first time last Friday, and everything was very tasty.  The staff was friendly and service was quick.  The menu is large and everything is reasonably priced.  There are specials that are only about $5.  I got the pork leg and rice something or other, and a cucumber salad as a side.  I'm looking forward to trying more from the menu.  This place is on my way to a friend's house, and I'm definitely going to make it a regular stop.
1
I like to grade a restaurant by 3 categories. Quality of food, Service, Price. Food: My wife and I ordered the SukiYaki Combo, Pad Thai, Red Sausage with Rice, Beef Salad, And had coconut ice cream for dessert.  The sukiyaki combo was not worth the $13 dollars we paid for.  It comes with a plate of raw stuff that is boiled in a hot pot. I thought the broth was really bland. My pad thai was pretty dang good. If i was going back, I would go back for the pad thai. My wife thought the rice dish was alright and it is kinda good for the $5 dollars she paid for it. The beef salad was super salty. You can blind fold me and I would have thought i was eating straight from the salt shaker. The coconut ice cream was amazing, it felt like we were really eating the flesh of a real coconut.   Service: There was only one waitress. She was really attentive to our needs. She filled my water every second she could. Then again, we were the only people in the restaurant. So i guess i cant really judge the service here. I have to wait until it is packed before i can judge. Although she was really nice.  Price: Pretty dang cheap food. Cant beat that.
2
I had one of their $4.99 Anytime Specials: Soup + Eggroll + Chicken Pad Thai.  It was ok but to offer it $4.99 anytime (I had it for dinner Fri night) I'm giving them 5-stars.  The waiter was nice and attentive, provided and refilled my glass of water without me even have to ask.  For the meal the waiter brought out the condiments carousel (chili paste, soy sauce, vinegar, sugar, etc) and a fortune cookie arrived with the bill. So I'm really pleased with the value delivered (& they do actually deliver for a $2 charge).
