Mwbk6MDaflxPCXGpiYDmcw
Scissor Sage
33.2429212685
-111.721392422
5.0
My Salon Studios 207 N Gilbert Rd, Ste 101 Gilbert, AZ 85234
85234
10
Hair Salons
Hair Stylists
Beauty & Spas
coloring
Wheelchair Accessible
street
lot
By Appointment Only
Accepts Credit Cards
Good for Kids
0
5
0
I have found my new hair god!!! Darla is AMAZING. Her organic color line is perfect, and her attention to detail blows my mind! Thanks again for another amazing cut and color!
2
I cannot begin to tell you how relieved I was to find Darla. She is extremely talented when it comes to coloring. Darla is also great at cutting and styling. She takes the time to work on your hair...you do not feel rushed...you feel relaxed. She is more than willing to answer all your questions and offer great styling advice. Darla went above and beyond to making me feel and look beautiful.
0
This was my second time going to Darla. Just like the first time, this experience was excellent. The color products she uses are quality and do not damage your hair. Darla also helps you pick out colors/highlights that will look good with your skin tone. I walk away completely satisfied with the results.
0
Awesome service from down to earth people! i came here for a change as I was tired of going to hair salons where I had to deal with prissy and very materialistic people who were often rude at times and looked to rip me off. My experience with Scissor Sage was great! I had my haircut by one of the many stylists and besides the fact that they were very helpful and kind, my hair came out looking great! I had a keratin treatment done and at a great price! I couldn't be happier :) I would recommend their services to anyone looking for a new hair salon that focuses on you! Thank you!
0
Darla is awesome!  I have not been able to commit to a stylist within the last 6 years due to typical complaints.  I have seen Darla twice and am scheduled for my third visit.  I will admit, I NEVER schedule in person and I have done so since visit 1.  I love this woman's ability to understand what you want and perform precisely without hesitation.  My visits with her have been very rewarding and I am extremely happy with the results I have seen.  She is as good as it gets, bottom line.
