nVPe8vSrvGStsupNliN9nA
Italia Express
36.1652351
-115.1557538
3.0
755 S Grand Central Pkwy Downtown Las Vegas, NV 89106
89106
4
Restaurants
Italian
Good for Kids
Takes Reservations
0
5
0
This is a very decent place....I think I might like it more than Sbarros!  It's located in the food court of Las Vegas Premium Outlets.  The workers are very hard working, and very efficient.  Their pizza was good, although they could be a little less stingy with the toppings, and the prices were not that bad.  I also ordered a salad, which had little itty bity bits of chicken (which was okay with me cause i didn't really want it for the chicken) but they had feta on it...and it was actually good feta, not too salty.  So that was a plus.  I would order here again.
1
MMMM!! I was craving Italian that day and lucky me they had it at the food court.. this place is like a Sbarros, but I think its better.. my favorite is Chicken Parmesan and they actually had it!! Altho I didn't get it, last minute I changed my mind and got the Baked Ziti.. it was pretty good.. nice portion and it came with a big side of garlic bread.. yummy..for only 6.75? I think thats def worth it!! They also had lasagna, and your assortment of pizza, and stromboli, a friend of ours ordered.. was pretty big..Good food, and good prices.. they take card..you should def. give this place a try.. My money was well spent...
0
Only grabbed a slice of pizza for my son and I. Fast cheap and easy just as you'd expect for a food court. Nothing to brag about but it hit the spot.
0
If you're looking for a quick bite while at the North Outlets, then this would be a pretty good choice - but I wouldn't add it to my rotation by any means. I got a slice of the veggie which came stacked high with broccoli (I know, broccoli on a pizza!! :D), tomatoes, black olives and cheese. Because the fresh ingredients had been sitting there for so long that they had to re-heat my piece before serving it to me, the crust was completely soggy, I had to attempt to eat it with a fork and knife. The flavors worked nicely, but the texture was all off. My husband got a slice of pepperoni and was happy with it, but he would eat anything shy of cardboard.  The beautiful garlic bread was quite intriguing, maybe we'll give it a try next time around, but I won't spring for a slice again.
0
Worst staff and good food, staff should learn how to treat people.
