nWJ55k8utQHrDqT_n7nYTg
Taco Bell
33.379067
-111.753495
3.5
3601 East Baseline Road Gilbert, AZ 85234
85234
16
Fast Food
Mexican
Tex-Mex
Restaurants
Take-out
Accepts Credit Cards
Drive-Thru
Outdoor Seating
Caters
Delivery
Has TV
lunch
Takes Reservations
Waiter Service
Good for Kids
Good For Groups
0
6
2
This one is crazy busy every lunch time on weekdays. 12-1:30ish. This also seems to be one of the few remaining ones that hasn't been remodeled in several years. They run better than average on getting your order correct though.
1
Okay, you might be asking yourself "who reviews a Taco Bell? or even looks up reviews for Taco Bell?" Well, I would ask myself that if I were you, but here we are. This Taco Bell is awesome. They have really nice and friendly people working for them, and my husband and I would eat inside because we liked the service. We lived a block away, and came every so often over 3.5 years and it was always the same. We appreciate that kind of good service, and it's not one you would expect to get from a fast-food chain.
0
This Taco Bell serves sub par food! the ice water tastes like someone spit in it and the tacos look like someone stepped on them. I did like the doritos taco though and ordered it once, was very dissapointed when I got a regular hard taco instead that was crushed!! Ack!!
0
During the day the food is great and staff work hard to get everything right. However, at night there can be some issues with orders and waiting times. Food is great for fast food and we always come back to this Taco Bell. It tastes awesome every time!
0
hit this location up late one night, ordered the 3 Doritos RANCH tacos bundle, but received 1 Ranch, and 2 cheddar's...how do you mess up that order, the Ranch shells are tan colored, and the cheddar are orange. I guess they missed the "paint by numbers" skills in Pre-school.
0
Went to drive thur and guy was nice and I order one thing without tomatoes and he asked me if I wanted no tomatoes on the rest of my lunch and that was what I wanted. Thanks
