O6sFd6C-FljVsnSWW8oESA
Fat Cat Restaurant and Lounge
33.3024823
-111.8422821
3.5
98 S San Marcos Pl Chandler, AZ 85225
85225
15
Bars
American (New)
Nightlife
Lounges
Restaurants
dinner
Takes Reservations
Good For Groups
Delivery
Outdoor Seating
street
Waiter Service
Accepts Credit Cards
Good for Kids
Wheelchair Accessible
0
4
2
A couple of our friends and my wife and I went into Fat Cat for a drink on a Friday evening.  Every place at San Marcos is packed on Friday night but there were only 2 tables occupied (that should have told us something!).  We went to the bar area and ordered after dinner drinks.  When we got the bill, the drinks were $.50 higher each than on the menu.  The waitress said drinks ordered "on the rocks" were higher.  I have never heard of this and I travel extensively.  When we left, we mentioned to the manager the extra charge.  He stated "I have never heard of it".  Obviously, we won't be going back for drinks or food!
2
To start they have 4 beers on tap - two from local company SanTan Brewing and two Belgian style - including Trippel Carmelite. The bone in Fillet Mignon was so tender, I didn't even need a knife to cut it. This was served along with bone marrow, which was strange but delicious! Comfortable atmosphere and friendly, yet inexperienced servers. Growing pains I suppose. This place a has a great future and is a total step away from the previous 98 south concept. It's nice to see new restaurants in downtown Chandler!
1
I really liked this place. The space is nice and open and the waiter was extra friendly and attentive. Maybe too attentive, but after drinking some wine he grew on me. Started with the popcorn crusted scallops. Loved the combo of corn and scallops. My entree was the duck. Cooked perfectly. My boyfriend had the porterhouse pork. That was great too. For dessert we had a rich chocolate cake. Yum.  We'll probably go back.
1
CLOSED Unfortunately the economy has claimed another victim. http://www.azcentral.com/community/chandler/articles/2010/07/09/20100709chandler-fat-cat-restaurant-closes.html
