obEv3-i-pr6oPlya2IY5mg
Royal Buffet
33.306359
-111.887397
3.0
2530 W Chandler Blvd Chandler, AZ 85224
85224
14
Buffets
Restaurants
Take-out
Outdoor Seating
Takes Reservations
Delivery
lunch
dinner
lot
Waiter Service
Accepts Credit Cards
Good for Kids
Good For Groups
Wheelchair Accessible
0
13
14
I had the pleasure of being the first customer to this brand new restaurant today!  I was joined by Mike C. & Robyn N., & we feasted on approximately 130 different, delicious food items, including Chicken Cordon Blue, bok choy, stuffed scallops, lots of other seafood including Sushi, & a variety of shrimp & fish dishes.  There is also a Mongolian BBQ with plenty of meat & veggie choices.  Lots to like here! Lunch Buffet $7.95/$7.16 Sr.
10
Went for lunch today with Rand H and Mike C just as they were opening for the very first time.  I am far from being a buffet expert, but this was nothing like the Chinese buffets I had been to back in Chicago.  As Rand said, there were over 130 items, including a Mongolian BBQ, a sushi bar, as well as a good variety of Chinese and American foods.  Everything I tasted was excellent with good flavor and high quality.  There is something for everyone here and at 7.95 for a lunch time buffet, it's definitely a bargain.  I will be back!
3
Well opening day and Robyn N. , Rand H. and myself are here for lunch. The place is big and comfy and well over 100 food choices, Everything i tried here was very good . It has all your typical Chinese buffet items and a whole lot more .  All these new super Chinese buffets keep getting better and better and this one is right up there with the best of them. So I will give this one five stars and a big YUMMM
0
This buffet is much better than the location on Ray Road. It's a pretty big standalone building near Chandler mall area, and has some nice exterior decoration to look quite "Chinese". Interior design was alright, nothing out of the ordinary, but definitely more presentable than other buffets in the valley. I was pleasantly surprised by the wide variety of the food they had. For a chinese buffet, they really put a lot of thought into the dishes they made, and not just stick with the trademark cheap chinese buffet dishes like sweet and sour pork. The stuffed scallops, sashimi, squids were the highlights in my opinion. Flavoring was excellent and they kept their food fresh and warm at all times. I hope this place holds up as it is in a great location and have a very big building. Price is very reasonable too, great value! I highly recommend.
0
Finally a big Chinese buffet that's good!!  A buddy and myself checked this place out last week and I couldn't be more happier.  Well I could, but I was very satisfied.. They had a huge assortment of foods from all your popular Chinese dishes to even a couple American ones.  Buffalo wings..! yum. They even have a BBQ station.  I wasn't too impressed with it, so passed it up, but they also had some fresh Sushi for people to try out.   Would i go back? Oh heck yeah.  Very good food and service!
0
I prefer Pasific Buffet! Trust me! The food was ok. Nothing special. Most of the food cooked quite dry. No such of alot variety. I give 3 stars because its just ok.
0
Don't see what all the fuss is about. I have had better Chinese food after I nuked a frozen selection in the microwave. As for the Mongolian BBQ - small selection, can't make your own sauce, and still bland. If you eat supermarket sushi, then this is the place for you. If you like fresh sushi, then leave immediately. I can sum up my review in one word, NASTY!!!
1
The is four buffet stars. I hold buffets to a lower standard. I'd say it is three regular restaurant stars.  This place is a cut above the average Chinese buffet. I'd say it is a step below Hong Kong Buffet in Ahwatukee, but cheaper. It is at least three steps above the buffets surrounding my house in Tempe, and not too much more expensive. They recently lowered their dinner price to $10.95--our two drinks plus hot tea was only $2 and our three year old ate for free--or maybe I should say he played with his food for free. Total bill for three of us--$26 and change plus tip.  Lots of seafood (for my wife) including crab and crawfish, but still lots of other stuff (for me), and enough unusual dishes to be interesting., It is a nice looking place, very clean. According to the notice near the front door, they applied for a liquor license, so maybe beer and wine will be coming soon. Service was very good indeed--plenty of refills. They also have one of the better sushi selections I have seen in a buffet, and a now-typical Mongolian BBQ area, only with more stuff than most I see.  In all, this is one of the better Chinese buffets I have visited.
1
Good selection of food. Good price.. Lots of crab legs. Lots of sushi, which is ok, but its on ice so the rice gets cold.  My major beef was that none of the desserts were labeled.  We'll be back.
0
This place is not friendly! The waiters stood in the corner playing themselves and got mad when I asked for a refill after waiting 30mins! Wtf??? The food also sits out there if no one is getting any when it should be swapping out every 30-40mins reguardless of how slow it is! HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE!!
0
I ate here last night.. The sushi part of the buffet (my favorite) was above average, the hot food was about average for a good Chinese buffet. Fresh oysters on the half shell and two plates of sushi made me full and happy. Service was very good while I was here, never had any trouble keeping my drink full.  I'll be back when I'm in the area.
0
Food was overly salty, greasy, and most dishes were barely warm. Only point given for decor and music selection.
1
Too pricey for the quality of food.
