OCXnwXY6knlIkvz-WR1L0Q
Ruby Oriental Restaurant
43.0474245
-89.326964
2.5
111 River Pl Monona, WI 53716
53716
16
Restaurants
Event Planning & Services
Chinese
Caterers
Take-out
Accepts Credit Cards
Outdoor Seating
Delivery
Has TV
lunch
dinner
Takes Reservations
casual
Waiter Service
Good for Kids
Good For Groups
0
6
3
If you are expecting typical and run of the mill Chinese take-out Ruby is going to rock your world. With a gigantic menu filled with the classics, as well as hard to find dishes, Ruby can cater towards any preference. With reasonable prices and generous portions you will certainly get your fill and a carry out container too. For those of you who are sick of overly sweet Crab Rangoon be sure to try Ruby's award winning recipe. Of course I can't forget to mention that Ruby is family owned and the staff are SUPER friendly, a trait found far too seldom in restaurants these days.
0
Best hot & sour soup in town! Everything else I've tried on their huge menu is also pretty darn good- and your food comes out on miniature boats!
1
I don't know why there are positive reviews for this place. We got delivery from them the other night. Remarkably unremarkable.  Their Fragrant Beef is just wrong. Not at all spicy, and the beef is weird.  Imperial Gardens East's version is MUCH better. The Triple Delight was mostly palm, and the shrimp that was in there, were tiny.  All in all, meh.
1
Love Ruby!  I actually remember going to the old location as a kid - and how great it was then.  Same quality and service today. FUN TIP:  Make sure to check out the water fountain, too.  See if you can get it to work.  Pretty cool.
0
This was the first time I ever just threw away food I had ordered.  It was thoroughly disgusting.  Brown overcooked slop.  And it took twice as long as they said it would.  I ordered Ma Po Tofu, and my wife ordered the Beef with Garlic Sauce.  Both basically tasted and looked the same.  Words don't really describe how gross this food was.
1
Warning: This place is now called China Star.  I suspect they had to send this place into the restaurant witness protection program because so many diners were looking to wipe them off the map. One of the worst of the worst kind of Chinese restaurants-in-a-box.  The idea that this place calls itself a "Chinese" restaurant in a city which boasts several authentic Chinese places (the best of which, Ichiban, is not to be missed!) is a joke.  The food is tasteless and full of veggie filler.  The sesame chicken was, quite literally, inedible.  It tasted like old socks. Nasty food brought to your door is still nasty food. Avoid this place like the plague.
