oU14CNDV_7_DNCUNiCzqEQ
Peoria Public Library
33.5773184
-112.2412034
3.5
8463 W Monroe St Peoria, AZ 85345
85345
2
Libraries
Public Services & Government
0
4
11
I like my local library I visit it about once a month. I have a long history of library patronage, going back to my grammar school days when I participated in summer reading programs. During my senior year in high school I worked as a page in my home town. Yes, I was commonly called "Marian the Librarian."  PPL is a very standard suburban library where you can borrow books, DVDs, CDs etc., aside from one of the more curious items I have seen at a library, is the gun storage lockers outside the main entrance.
1
4 stars: yay! Im a fan. Im a homeschoolin momma and our cirriculum has us taking trips to the library every week. I have tried 4 different libraries around me and this is the best out of all of them. The other libraries had way smaller childrens sections and selections were not as extensive as this. I really cant account for the rest of the library to compare with the others.  I just know theres two floors full of books and I usually find what Im looking for. Clean, friendly workers, and lots of weekly activities. Makes coming here weekly easy and fun :)
0
Their customer service sucks. They didn't seem to have a great selection to choose from. They also don't offer much in the way of public service. They were also inconsistent about what they do offer. Over the phone I was told I could use a scanner (because they have it and it doesn't cost them anything) when I came in they told me to try staples.
0
I love this library. My 4yr old son and I go 2 times a month we are always in the kids area. The collection display we always look forward to seeing as well as the Lego display.  We have been to story time which my son loves a lot. I let my son free to get books as well occasionally he will pick a few DVDs to watch. The childrens librarian is very helpful if you ever need help. They have a computer area for kids thag is kid friendly.  The bathroom is kid friendly the size is great for them to be comfortable.  They also have an are for Spanish. A documentary selection for kids and young youth, the comic book selection is cool. There is a study area for kids to read and a little activity center.
