P5YZ1_5L6NGBdDrQFFPVpg
Senor Taco
33.4647002
-112.2799771
3.5
10220 W McDowell Rd Ste 100 Avondale, AZ 85392
85392
6
Mexican
Restaurants
Accepts Credit Cards
Has TV
Waiter Service
Good for Kids
0
5
0
Stopped here late one night after a softball game and was not impressed. I guess I just went in with my expectations high from a friend who raved about the rolled tacos and red chile. I had the carnita taco.. Carnitas were super salty and dry. Also tried the fish rolled tacos and couldn't figure out where the fish went BUT the white sauce and cheese were good. I should've just ordered a shell with white sauce and cheese. My daughter loved her red chile burrito. I thought it tasted watery.  I stole a couple of carne asada fries from her friend (I was snacky that night) and they weren't too bad.  I think I'll stick to my fave late night mexi spot that is closer to my house. I won't drop names, but it rocks.
1
Delicious tacos, friendly service. The cashier and chef were joking around the whole time, they seemed to really enjoy themselves. The tacos themselves were great, plenty of filling and sauce, they weren't dry at all. Price was a little on the high side, I easily spent $20 for 2 people, though that could have just been my aching stomach.
1
In the Mexican restaurant hierarchy, Senor Taco falls between a Macayo's and a Filiberto's, so people need to just accept it for what it is.  It is a step up from a berto's and just below Macayo's, but it is cheap, fast and pretty tasty.  They are mostly famous for their shrimp burritos, they are generously filled and full of flavor.  Plus they have lots of great daily specials.  The ingredients are fresh and they offer a nice little salsa bar too. Don't go in expecting to be blown away, and you just might be pleasantly surprised.
0
Yummy
1
I love eating here! Never once had I had a bad encounter with the employees. The food is amazing! My fave thing to get is the carne asada nachos. Definitely a top go to place for easy and relatively inexpensive Mexican food!
