POdn5abX1-lW0qns9cDd_A
Maui Rose Hawaiian Bbq
36.159527
-115.242714
3.0
6700 W Charleston Blvd Westside Las Vegas, NV 89146
89146
13
Hawaiian
Restaurants
Take-out
Outdoor Seating
Good For Kids
Takes Reservations
Delivery
lot
Waiter Service
Accepts Credit Cards
Good for Kids
Good For Groups
Wheelchair Accessible
0
3
1
I really wish I could give this restaurant more stars, but unfortunately, nothing about it really sticks out in my mind. The Katsu is average, even slightly on the dry side. The Kalbi is average, maybe slightly over-sweet All the rolls remind me of rolls I can pick up at the grocery from Vegas Express Shushi In fact, the only thing that slightly peeks up above average is the Mango Salad. (Typical garden salad, but with mango chunks, but with a nice zesty vinaigrette that contrasts well with the sweetness of the mango) There's nothing bad about it, service is always fast and friendly, it's just that nothing about it really pushes it over the top into a higher ranking.   - Recommended if you just need a Hawaiian food fix and can't be bothered to go to Aloha Island.
1
This is the best Hawaiian place I've had in town. I agree with other reviewers that Kalbi is not the best, and it is on the dry side...however there are plenty of choices with more than 35 entrees on the menu to choose one of the more delicious options. I myself love the affordability of this place; You really do get a lot with your meal---any numbered meat meal comes with Miso soup, macaroni salad, white rice and regular salad or steamed veggies. I especially love Maui chicken special, tofu salad and mango and avacoado salad here--all of these are out of this world!!! Salmon, meat dumplings and noodles are also above average. This is by far one of the best lunch spots in town. I would not recommend it for dinner, unless it's a quick affair--the place has a fast-food type of atmosphere. However, if you are not looking to dine in style and just want some authentic-tasting Hawaiian food (this restaurant was highly recommended to me by a native Hawaiian co-worker), Maui Rose is an excellent choice. P.S. A variety of Hawaiian juices, drinks, snacks etc are offered for sale here that are more difficult to find elsewhere.
1
This restaurant was highly recommended to me.  I tried a combination plate, but was not impressed. I liked the beef, it was tender and flavorful. The chicken katsu was dry.  The roll and macaroni salad was bland.  But my biggest complaint was the teryaki sauce.  It was watery and bitter.  Maybe I am used to Aloha Specialities  in the California Hotel, but I was not impressed.
