PrbUQccIAxqAISG9owAGfg
FedEx Office Ship Center
33.384166
-111.9262987
3.0
4435 S Rural Rd Tempe, AZ 85282
85282
4
Local Services
Shipping Centers
Printing Services
Accepts Credit Cards
0
6
1
Charlie will make sure your time here is the least pleasant. Not even Hi, and you'll have to "bother" him with whatever service you need. We went there for a copy and a fax.  He tried to be helpful and offered to increase the scale (no need to), so my friend's license drive goes back into the machine. Fax goes out, and Charlie forgot to return the license. Next day she returns to recover it and he just laughs when she found it at the machine. You can tell he really hates to work here.
3
I am so happy to of found this place so close to my new home.  It is a great location with lots of parking in the huge lot. Reading the last review, I am very lucky that Charlie no longer works here.  Instead we have the fabulous Edward. This guy is so great!  I came in 3 times over the last week with lots of packages to mail. Every time Edward was smiling and happy,even though they were so busy. He even thanked us for our business. He was so beyond helpful every time. The best part everyone got their Packages as promised,2 day delivery even with the last ones going out right before that bad storm hit Middle America. FED EX has always done really well for me. Plus the packages always get there unharmed.  For payment they take check, cash ,and credit.    Thank you!
4
This is my final review for 2012. So I thought it was fitting to review Fed Ex. This location is great and Edward is a really nice guy. (He works there). I had to visit this location a few times during December, he always had a smile and was happy to help and answer questions.  At times he had a lot of people in there. All wanting and needing information, help, and packaging. He was so laid back and helpful. Even thanked everyone for their Business. So nice to go into a place like this. Plus, all our packages arrived safe and sound and in perfect condition. They will take Check, cash, or credit as well.
0
Had to drop off a Xbox to be shipped. Only one person working and long line. Felt bad for her. However her customer service skills were wearing down. Waited for about 30 minutes. Was hoping for a quick transaction with good customer service and got neither
0
Convenience, easy drop off. But theyll do anything to sell you and overpriced box and stuffing material.... Ill stick to just drop off... going to UPS.
0
After having an awful experience at a fedex kinkos over two years ago, I avoided this place like the plague, until my manager sent me to make copies of several documents we needed right away. I went in extremely optimistic hoping this experience would be different,  especially since its two years later and I live in another state. I was sadly mistaken. Employees were apathetic and unknowledgeable about their own equipment. It wasn't until I became so frustrated that I actually was willing to pay for my documents to be full-serviced, but they became willing to help and give me the self-service price. Needless to say, Id rather purchase a printer and print every document and staple it myself, than to ever step foot in another FedEx Kinko's. I wish I could rate no stars!!!
