qa4K9EEAcrTbXqYoPWDh7A
GasLight Inn
33.538275
-112.183325
4.0
5747 W Glendale Ave Glendale, AZ 85301
85301
14
Hotels & Travel
Bed & Breakfast
Event Planning & Services
Hotels
Take-out
Accepts Credit Cards
Coat Check
Delivery
Dogs Allowed
Waiter Service
street
Outdoor Seating
Takes Reservations
Wheelchair Accessible
0
4
0
Fantastic place to stay while in Phoenix area.  Surprisingly elegant accommodations coupled with friendly, hospitable service.  Conveniently located in the center of Glendale and also handy for all of Phoenix.   Great amenities:  breakfast, wifi, and personal assistance with info on sites and restaurants.  Simply outstanding!
0
This is a superb little B and B. Your first look may not convince you, but stay and you will get the full experience. The beds, linens, antiques, the towels are all top quality the best part thought is the service from Teresa the owner and manager. She takes care of you so well and cooks you an amazing full breakfast every morning. Don't pass this place up for some chain hotel...this is so much better at the same or better price. I've been here 4 or 5 time and have never been disappointed. Oh there's also a cool wine bar with wine and beer and other great restaurants in walking distance.
0
Went there during a festival in downtown Glendale. There were only a handful of tables with patrons between at least two servers, but my gf and I sat at our table and were passed by multiple times without being acknowledged. After waiting nearly fifteen minutes without so much as a drink order, we left and went to a pizza place across the street.
0
We stayed at the GL for over three weeks due to a family emergency.  We were treated like family by everyone who worked there, especially the owner, Teresa.  The bedding is 5 star and the hot breakfasts are gourmet and  healthy and filling.  We were shown much care and kindness for the duration of our stay. Place is very clean and very hospitable.  We will return in May of this year, for a happier reason.
