qLICacMAK_qUuhXwrePrew
Olocuilta Restaurant
36.1588445
-115.1259564
3.0
1756 E Charleston Blvd Downtown Las Vegas, NV 89104
89104
2
Mexican
Restaurants
0
5
1
This small Salvadorian restaurant was in process of closing up so we ordered our queso spinach and queso chicken pupusas to go. These were packaged with a bag each of curtido, a spicy cabbage slaw, and a watery tomato salsa that tasted like tomato juice.  We thoroughly enjoyed our first ever pupusas in the confines of our room.
3
Their horchata is so good. Their bean dip and their chips are a great starter. Their pupusas are very flavorful. My favorite is the chicharron, or pork skin. They have two tip jars. One is for the mesera, or the waitress. One is for the cocinera, or the female cook.  If you order their regular pupusas to go, you can get 6 pupusas for 99 cents each. Their specialty pupusas remain regular price.  They make everything to order. It's delicious, flavorful, and simply good. I'm a fan.
0
Pupusas are really good.  both orchata and tamarind drinks are delicious.  their beans dip is very nice and, one of my favorite, hen soup (soap de gallina)...very nice especially now in the cold season... Salvadorian food can be found in many places but...THIS IS THE PLACE.
1
I really enjoyed their bean and dip snack because I love chips and beans :) and the beans were delicious. But although the restaurant had only two other customers they took a very long time to bring us out one plate my bf and I were going to share.  Once we got it the food was alright at best. It was not bad but it didn't make me want to come back again.  Mon-fri they have a to go special but you have to order 10. 10 pupusas for $.99 cents each. Otherwise they are like $1.60 each.  Would I recommend this place? No. Not likely.
0
Worst Salvadorian food I have ever had. Their service is horrible. I do not!!  Recommend this place to anyone. The waitress took our order wrong and she gave us attitude. I have been to many Salvadorian restaurant this by far, this is the worst one. They should be ashamed to call themselves a Salvadorian restaurant.
