qMM8kigvEnfAkbTX7V1o_Q
Taco Bell
33.755799
-111.990488
2.0
29844 N Cave Creek Rd Cave Creek, AZ 85331
85331
18
Fast Food
Mexican
Tex-Mex
Restaurants
Take-out
Accepts Credit Cards
Drive-Thru
Outdoor Seating
Caters
Good For Groups
Delivery
Has TV
lunch
dinner
Takes Reservations
Waiter Service
Good for Kids
Wheelchair Accessible
0
8
0
These guys are just as likely to get your order wrong as they are to get it right ... especially in drive-thru.  Interesting that when the orders are wrong, they are always short and you never end up with anything extra.
2
Obese guy wearing a king's crown at the counter.  What the heck?  Drive thu was the slowest I've seen in my entire life, and I was given a disingenuous apology from the staff who noted that an employee "just walked out".  No attempt to make it right, no free food, no discounted order, nothing.  This is place is hard to beat.  Interior is very dirty too.
0
Bought a personal pan pizza at aprox 2 pm. Wife got a taco. I am now throwing up pizza now since 7 pm. Food poisoning. Stay away
0
As it goes this Taco Bell / Pizza Hut is just like any other Taco Bell / Pizza Hut.  Normally I'd only give this place 2 stars but this is our first meal back in civilization after a long day out hiking in the woods - and that gives it "Manna from Heaven" status.  One extra star.
0
Just moved into the area and have stopped here twice for quick meal. Both times I ordered a Mexican pizza and 2 tacos. THe shells seemed stale and the food was just tossed together and it looked like there was anything on the pizza. Nothing like all my other experiences at other taco bells. Not likely to come to see if the 3rd times the charm
0
A great place to eat
0
Fast service. Don't tell you how much your food is through the drive through until you go up to pay which is a little annoying but won't stop me from coming here again. Food is always good and they have yet to mess my order up yet which is always good.
0
Sort of silly to review a fast food chain like Taco Bell but since receiving an incorrect order has happened to me so many times from here I think it bears mention. Getting home and finding the wrong or missing food just sucks. The people working here are exceptionally nice and if you do get a wrong order, they'll fix it quickly...sometimes hooking you up with extra food to compensate, maybe someone else's mixed order food haha. As far as the food quality goes, it's exactly what you would expect for Taco Bell or Pizza Hut. Love the combo. Hate that it's not open late.
