Qu_19GEp2B7MfRtI5hErrg
Tacos El Compita 3
36.0997216522
-115.076853675
5.0
4455 E Tropicana St Eastside Las Vegas, NV 89121
89121
11
Mexican
Restaurants
Take-out
Outdoor Seating
Delivery
Has TV
Takes Reservations
Waiter Service
Accepts Credit Cards
Good for Kids
Good For Groups
0
8
2
Best tacos around! The salsa is similar to the king taco salsa with the taste of authentic t.j tacos! Service was amazing!
1
You have to get a ::MuLLita:: BOMB.Com and their red salsa is the best!
0
I've been coming here for a few years already and every time I'm here the food is great..I usually get tacos or mulitas... BOMB!!!.... No cards though,so make sure you bring cash..
1
Another really cheap eat, a little divey, but the staff is nice.  They are not cheap with the meat and the taste is great.  The burritos are huge and the quesadillas great.
1
Fantastic tacos -- for Las Vegas.  Also try the mulitas: they're like a taco quesadilla. Red taco sauce is really good.
0
Great taco shop excellent customer service ;-) I love how I can call in my order if I'm in a hurry
0
Extremely clean and well maintained with fantastic tacos! This place is awesome. Went for the taco plate (five tacos for $6.25). They are stuffed full of flavor and might be the best I've had so far in my quest for the best taco in Vegas. The restaurant, despite it's age and fast food atmosphere, is well maintained and clean. Great staff and the orders are made quick.    It's worth nothing that they have a location on Jones and Charleston that also does a fantastic job. However, the tacos are not the same. The Trop location serves up a slightly different taco with a little more kick.  Don't forget, help both the staff and yourself by hitting the tip jar when you order!
0
Extreme hole In the wall very easy to pass by. With that said, it's amazingly good. I recommend getting the mulas and the cemitas. Very fresh quick and flavorful. And if you are anal about cleanliness it too is also. Give it a try you won't be regret it. Oh and by the way the tortas and cemitas use fresh bread baked daily, I beleive they get it from the Mexican bakery next door.
