r0TbVJL9ZuFLrm83wZroMg
Swiss Chalet
43.4793516
-80.5211216
4.0
267 Weber Street North Waterloo, ON N2J 3H8
3H8
4
American (Traditional)
Restaurants
Waiter Service
Outdoor Seating
0
4
1
Swiss Chalet, since 1954, is famous for its tasty chicken and mouth-watering ribs.  With locations across the country and all around Kitchener-Waterloo, it continues to be a "go-to" dining destination for our family. This is the local Swiss Chalet location near where I work.  We generally patronize this location for work lunches, and we consistently get fast, efficient service and delicious food, no matter how large our group. The latest renovations to this location are now complete and the dining room is now better than ever...  If you haven't visited in a while, you should come and take a look, it's better than ever!
0
Excellent!
0
Huh??  Only two reviews for the busiest Swiss Chalet location here in Waterloo?  I remember my economics professor talking about this place and he asked why it was so busy compared to other locations that were not as busy.   This location has been a "landmark" on Weber St.  They have undergone renovations and have expanded their menu.  Always good, take out or eat in.   PS.   Does anyone remember a few years ago when they offered AYCE fries?
0
Everybody knows what Swiss Chalet is like so I won't bother talking about the food, Its consistently above average.  However, recently I tried to order online and had a terrible experience.   At first i called and had to sit through 5 minutes of pre-recorded message before i was worthy of speaking with a human.  At which point I had a flier with a "2 can Dine for 14.99" coupon of which said nothing about its validity for a delivery order.  I was however denied the use of the coupon.  The gentleman on the phone was from a call center in India even though i called the Waterloo number from the flier.  After attempting to place my order I was transferred to a different gentleman. Who was presumably from the Waterloo restaurant.  He proceeded to ask the same questions i had already answered.  It was at this point i hung up and ordered from a different restaurant.
