R5uo6DzA8vGLIbatkt7vZQ
Frugal Muse Books Music & Video
43.0585316
-89.5124142
4.0
7475 Mineral Point Rd Madison, WI 53717
53717
6
Videos & Video Game Rental
Books, Mags, Music & Video
Shopping
Bookstores
Accepts Credit Cards
Wheelchair Accessible
0
5
0
This is my favorite used book store ever!  Everything looks nice and clean, not stinky.  They do have new books as well.  Prices are so cheap.  I get lost browsing here.  Great selection of cookbooks & craft/sewing books!  I never leave here empty handed.
1
I really like this micro-chain of three stores in Madison and Chicago. Book selection was good, prices were fair, the store was well-lit, and the staff were relaxed and hassle-free.  However -- several of the aisles are too small and the organization is relatively confusing. They could learn something from their competitor mall bookstore.
1
Love love love this store! Browsing a used book store is not about the destination (i.e. what you're looking for) but the journey. I ALWAYS leave with an unexpected gem! The stores in Madison are very neat and so organized as well. One could get lost in the stacks' sub-genres alone!
1
After having a very negative experience at the North side 'Muse; I took my books back to this west side location. What a difference! The two guys behind the counter were friendly, helpful and took all of my books back. I was very impressed by their huge selection. They also have cd's and dvds (vhs if you still have a vcr too). Not quite 5 out of 5 stars because I brought in 3 large boxes of books and I only got 10 bucks. I realize they have to make their money some how, but they sell books for about 8 bucks or so and only gave me about 25 cents per book. And also not quite 5 stars because of their organizational structure. I was looking for Stephen King and found some of his books in three different places.
0
They used to have free wifi that I could use and it disappeared about a week ago :( will stop going if the wifi stays gone :( great prices always but I like to compare to online to be reassured I'm getting a great deal by using my iPad
