r7HHXcZc0VKbym60o9nhRQ
Chaos Comedy
33.584721
-112.014278
5.0
10806 N 32nd St Phoenix, AZ 85028
85028
14
Arts & Entertainment
Performing Arts
Nightlife
Comedy Clubs
Wheelchair Accessible
Good For Dancing
lot
Happy Hour
Has TV
Outdoor Seating
Coat Check
Accepts Credit Cards
Good for Kids
Good For Groups
0
6
2
Chaos Comedy is located at the Dearing Acting Studio.  This improv troop has a great show for families on Saturdays at 7 in a comfortable theater.  Once a month they put on a 18 and over show at midnight which is awesome. The players are excellent and the show is only an hour, so it is a great way to start off your Saturday night.  Prices are reasonable and snacks are cheap. They have us laughing almost the entire time were there and everyone is very friendly in this family owned business.
2
You'll never see the same show twice! These players are uber funny, talented, and goofy all at the same time. You'll be rolling on the floor laughing! The shows are family friendly so your kids will love it just as much as grandma and you don't have to worry about offensive, inappropriate, or R-rated content.  They have a snack bar with candy, soda, coffee, and popcorn. The theater seats are so comfy--and you get your very own drink holder!  Bring a group of friends for a night out and be prepared to give audience suggestions. The more involved you are the more fun you'll have!!
0
These guys are FANTASTIC!   The theater is very nice, the comedy is stellar and the whole family can enjoy! Skip the movies and go see Chaos Comedy instead!  You won't be sorry!
0
Great comedians came from this place. My friend enrolled here and I was amazed by them even though they are just practicing. It's the best place for people who want to have a great career in Hollywood. Great teachers are here and they teach with their heart because acting is their passion. Kudos to them!
0
Went here with some friends.  We had so much fun!  It's an intimate setting and the improv comedians are all really funny.  The only drawback is that they don't serve alcohol, but definitely not a deal breaker.  I plan to go back.
0
We went to the Saturday kid/family friendly show- we had such a great time!!! This place was a huge surprise as we had never heard of this type of family friendly improv before. The troupe is hilarious. Our 10 and 5 year old kids with us loved the show and we as the adults did too!! Seriously- anyone living in Phoenix or visiting should try to make it out to see a show here!
