rFbmyzFo5tkcEatDU7wPkQ
The Spirit Within U
36.2625247
-115.2066936
4.5
4780 West Ann Rd Ste 4 Northwest North Las Vegas, NV 89031
89031
10
Gift Shops
Books, Mags, Music & Video
Flowers & Gifts
Shopping
Bookstores
Dogs Allowed
lot
By Appointment Only
Accepts Credit Cards
Wheelchair Accessible
0
7
8
This is only store of its kind in all of Las Vegas.  Very high-quality wellness gifts, including essential oils, incense, crystals, teas, books and music etc. Also, well-researched nutritional supplements. More importantly, it is a center for education...almost every day there is at least one workshop or seminar on some aspect of self-healing and upliftment. Treat yourself to an afternoon at The Spirit Within U...to connect with the spirit within you!
2
I really like this store, there is so much to offer. I really love the incense and stones they have for  sale, The owner Karen knows her stuff and it's really relaxing just to walk around and browse all the items, people just seem happy in the store.
2
Really great Spiritual Gift Shop with lots of classes and workshops.  Great energy!  Unusual and large selection of items.
0
Was in town and when looking for essential oils.   I was not impressed with this store at all.   Walked in and  was not greeted at all.. The One parson working the store could not answer any of my questions.  She was on her cell phone most of the time.  I ask about the water and was told it was $2.50 on the web site it stated that it was free.  The Crystal collection was nothing to get excited about.   Would not  make the trip if you are in from out of town.
2
What a lovely, calming place to be. Wonderful candles and jewelry for sale, all kinds of crystals and Buddha statues, really anything you can think of metaphysical/new age. There was a yoga class in the back.. And an energy clearing happening in the front..
1
The Spirit Within U is filled with Karen's energy of love and strength. There are crystals, books, supplements, statues &  a  wide variety of other beautiful products. Karen offers classes and community events to the benefit of all who walk in her door.
0
Had the pleasure of visiting this wonderful community establishment over the weekend  and meetings its staff/owner. Everyone was very warm and welcome. They were not pushy at all, which can quite often be the case elsewhere. You will not feel rushed and will not be looked at as a dollar sign. Everything is done to ensure that you are getting the experience you want and are looking for, as opposed to what they can sell and make most out of.  The owner, a beautiful and a light spirited lady, is truly interested in making this a community center and spiritual sanctuary, as opposed to a mere store. She is invested in making this place a home for those around the community. To effectuate her goal, she has organized free events and is planning on holding classes. Also, every other friday, they have free aura photography and stress test offered through a visiting vendor. I have been in search of an aura photography place in town and was thrilled to find out that they offer access, albeit not on a frequent basis.  Though I would have loved to see more crystal pendants (they have a fairly good variety of loose crystals) and more oracle cards, I will definitely return to this sanctuary. The ladies are very knowledgeable and are eager to help with any questions or concerns. I truly hope they succeed in making this a close knit community establishment.
