rgyvl8tNVAony634_9vFdQ
Taco Bell
43.10379
-89.342924
4.0
3002 E Washington Ave Eken Park Madison, WI 53704
53704
14
Fast Food
Mexican
Tex-Mex
Restaurants
Take-out
Drive-Thru
Outdoor Seating
Takes Reservations
Good For Groups
Delivery
Waiter Service
Accepts Credit Cards
Good for Kids
Wheelchair Accessible
0
4
0
Speedy, friendly service, rarely messes up my order, even if it is complicated, which it usually is.  Late night staff get swamped regularly, but handle it well. Great vegetarian and vegan options.  (I feel I need to say that my five stars is versus other fast food restaurants, but for the money it definitely still holds its own. )
0
After months of inadequate staff who constantly messed up our order and took forever, something changed, and this Taco Bell has returned to what it had been.  Friendly staff, reliable service.  And that tasty Taco Bell quality I've come to enjoy when I'm good and hammered or just not in the mood to cook or drive very far.
0
Easily the best TB in Madison (though with State St and University/Segoe closed, it's not much of a competition). Everything is made very well, very fresh, and very fast. Great service. The location rocks too right between 30 and Milwaukee. No complaints and this one is much less sketchy than the one on Park.
0
It's a Taco Bell. Certainly you haven't come here with Rick Bayless expectations, but it's still a top tier fast food choice. The interior is great and clean, and the staff is generally friendly, but that's about where the good vibes start falling.  Go between lunch and early dinner hours, and you'll never have an issue.  At least, I haven't.  After 730pm, however, avoid it. Mistakes aplenty (two tacos had no meat!) from the drivethru, the waits get longer as the night goes on, and if you think you want to stop here around "fourth meal" time, prepare to be overwhelmed by how much they've run out of. It's a little disheartening due to the proximity of our drill location, but we still forget the late night issue and get suckered in once a month.
