RiXaFX0Af2ALwBl9-TdzUw
Little Artika
33.5082687981
-112.030342354
4.0
Biltmore Fashion Park 2502 E Camelback Rd, Ste 105 Phoenix, AZ 85016
85016
5
Children's Clothing
Fashion
Shopping
Baby Gear & Furniture
Accepts Credit Cards
0
6
3
We had a great experience there with Suzanne.  We ended up getting the Grano glider/recliner, Vola ottoman and Ninna Nanna bassinet.  It wasn't cheap but the workmanship looks amazing and we'e willing to pay more for quality.  We are definitely expecting the furniture to last and can't wait until it comes in.  If there is one thing you want to splurge on, here is the place to get it. I would definitely buy from the Biltmore location again.  We visited the one on High Street, too, and the sales person there wasn't as personable.  Had we got there first, we probably would not have been as impressed.  Maybe it was just one of those days but I will say, having someone there who can provide great service is really an added bonus and gets people to want to spend at your establishment.
8
Cutest baby stuff!   Actually, "cool stuff for small humans," is probably more accurate as it is their tagline... I have yet to make a purchase at Little Artika, but I see some some of my paycheck headed in Little Artika's direction real soon... From toys, strollers, furniture including chairs for the nursery, baby and kids' clothes, all kinds of fun accessories, Little Artika has it all.  Plus, they are friendly, knowledgeable, and locally owned!
3
They do carry some really cool stuff. A little plan toy was around $40. I think I can find things on amazon cheaper but it was really good to actually find new things that I had never seen before. Whoever does the purchasing for this place does a good job.
1
Little Artika is one of the best baby stores I have ever been in. The staff is warm, friendly, professional and know everything about all their products. They have everything you need for your baby and toddler, the latest and greatest! Shopping with them is like being with friends!
1
Definitely my favorite baby store! They have the best baby and toddler gear and treat you like family!
0
This store is closed and phone is disconnected
