RXEsxL_fituMtbNACe5a3w
RadioShack
33.3776682
-111.908418
2.5
1803 E Baseline Rd #101 Tempe, AZ 85283
85283
5
Hobby Shops
Electronics
Shopping
Mobile Phones
Accepts Credit Cards
0
5
1
If only yelp offered negative star ratings. In need of a new cordless phone I stopped in a local Radio Shack. You would have thought it was crack the way two employees pushed the Philips cordless on me hard saying that is was the cream of the crop, that I would never experience interference between this phone and other signals, yadda, yadda, yadda. I didn't have time to do my usual two months and 12 days of research so I went for it. It turned out to be a terrible purchase. We had the phone a few weeks before hooking it up, immediately experienced problems with...wait for it...interference, and struggled with it for about two weeks before attempting to return it. This time around Mr. and Mrs. Helpful Radio Shack Employee were not so much so, refusing to take it back b/c it was past 30 days. (Did I mention it had only been out of the box two weeks at this point??) Really awful customer service. A plus? Battery chains are a dime a dozen.
0
Very nice and helpful staff. One guys always asks me too many questions but I figured he was just trying to be nice. They're on top of trying to sell you a new phone and service. But when you shoot them down they get off your ass about it.
0
If you need an odd-ball battery, it's here!  I'm all set on cell phones, but they seemed to represent all networks and had a large selection of phones.  There's plenty of staff on hand.  I was in and out for the batteries I needed in about 2 minutes
2
One of the few remaining places where you can get electronics parts. Some items aren't always in stock though, and the selection of parts has diminished over the years to be replaced by flashy toys, cell phones, and other electronics. The staff here is generally pretty friendly.
3
Friendly staff, and even though we were just browsing they were still attentive and gave us all the info we needed. He even offered to give us a call when they got new hard drives in next week for a lower price than what was in stock! We got some headphones for 10 bucks and the hubby got a car charger for his phone for 15! We were totally happy leaving this store, only reason I'm giving this store 4 stars is it smelled like BO inside lol!
