s1jMMVY0O6dkdY6zFe5M8w
RSVP Party Rentals of Las Vegas
36.109192
-115.190614
4.5
4445 S Valley View Blvd Ste 7 Las Vegas, NV 89103
89103
7
Shopping
Sporting Goods
Party Equipment Rentals
Nightlife
Karaoke
Event Planning & Services
Accepts Credit Cards
0
5
1
Excellent service, items delivered on time.  The initial delivery was two chairs short, but with one phone call, the missing items were delivered promptly and with a smile.  Our guests thought our party decor looked great.  I wouldn't hesitate to use RSVP again.
1
I rent from them almost monthly, and at times without much notice. They always have my equipment ready and everyone I have ever dealt with has been extremely nice and helpful. Love working with them!!
0
RSVP is competitively priced but has poor service. The first rep I spoke to on the phone was initially nice and helpful, then turned snippy and impatient one minute later when I told her I needed to change the color of my tablecloths. They were out of several colors, but I still found one I could use. I rented from them during the week of Thanksgiving, which I'm sure was a bit hectic, so I gave her a pass. I picked up my chairs, tables and decor at 9:30am. Nothing was ready when I arrived and it took 35 minutes for them to fill my reservation. Then I got a phone call two hours later and a woman very rudely told me that unless I came to pick up my items soon, they were going to close. I said, "Oh, I'm sorry, I picked them--" before she hung up on me.  So happy holidays to you too.
0
I was looking for a chair rental company for our upcoming wedding and contacted RSVP. Our wedding venue coordinator also mentioned that she has worked with them in the past, so I decided to give them a call. I spoke with Lorraine today, and in the span of about 20 minutes she quoted me with a very reasonable price, and has already sent over the contract. I could not be happier with her service, and this is one less thing I need to worry about.
1
I was super impressed with RSVP Party Rentals. We ordered heaters, tables, and linens from them. I changed my order a couple times and they were prompt and flexible with my requests. They dropped off the equipment on Friday, which was a huge blessing since that allowed us to set up the day before the wedding. Very professional. I highly recommend them.
