ScNZZzPFiQa_Y8cTDUyLCQ
Panda Express
36.2402332
-115.1191229
3.0
2220 E Craig Rd North Las Vegas, NV 89030
89030
13
Chinese
Restaurants
Take-out
Outdoor Seating
Caters
Good For Groups
Delivery
Has TV
Takes Reservations
Waiter Service
Accepts Credit Cards
Good for Kids
Wheelchair Accessible
0
5
0
Panda Express isn't bad if you want quick and easy Chinese food.  The selection isn't bad and the price is pretty good.  I went here last night on my way home from work and they took BBQ Pork off their menu.  :(  I would have given them an extra star if BBQ Pork was still here. Oh yeah, and there is one more thing I have to say about this place:   FIRST!
1
The service here was excellent!  I was given very full portions and the service was very fast and friendly.  The food was pretty good and the price was reasonable.  Ofelia helped me and was very helpful and accomodating and fixed any issues that I had immediately.
0
Very fast service, food was the same as all the other Pandas but the employees made the difference
0
The fried rice is bland...sorry!, but it is. All these places are like Chinese McDonald's.  I think the Ala cart should be broken down to the same $$$ amount instead of having to pay an inflated price for food you don't want!, ie chow main, and fried rice. I DON'T WANT ALL THAT CRAP!  It's just a filler to make you feel like your getting more, you really aren't they're give you that cause it's CHEEP for them or when really your getting stiffed in the healthy food portion.  ( Rice and noodles are carbohydrates = fat! )  Also every time I go there I only want 1 or 2 things Ala cart and  they get insistent on me getting there 2-3 meal entry, they say, "it's a better deal." I alway say I don't like my food tasting like polystyrene and even though trees have to be chopped down to make the carton I like at least that the carton degrades faster and doesn't make my food taste funny.
1
I picked the wrong time and day to come today I been in line for about 30 min now ugh
