ShUDf64NVkwCe8izdUbYuw
Los Armandos Asadero Y Mariscos
33.466373
-112.184772
5.0
5820 W McDowell Rd Phoenix, AZ 85035
85035
12
Mexican
Restaurants
Take-out
Accepts Credit Cards
Outdoor Seating
Caters
Delivery
Has TV
Takes Reservations
Waiter Service
Good for Kids
Good For Groups
0
8
0
Love it great service awesome food and a very nice atmosphere I love it! https://www.facebook.com/LosArmandosBarraYAsadero
0
I had some amazing Menudo!!! I would recommend to the proprietor to consider making a smaller size though. I couldn't even eat half of it.
0
O.M.G. This place is sooooo good. And I should know cause I'm a half-bred Mexican! okay, so I only know the dirty words in espanol, but I do know great Mexican food and this place has it. The chips were blazin hot and light and crisp. The taco shells the same way. The beef was tender and salty and the refried beans were perfectly delicious. I would weigh 800 pounds if I lived close to this place. Oh! That reminds me, they don't use lard. Only vegetable oil. Mexican food heaven.
0
Great food!!! Burritos are amazing
2
The food was very good, service was also good here.  I wish it were cleaner though.  What we tried: Piña and Orchata was perfection!  Enough flavor but not too sweet. Shrimp cocktail was awesome! Unlike most of the coctels I've had, which had more fillers (tomatoes, onions, cucumbers, etc) than shrimp.  This had more than enough and big!  Bean tostada- beans had a very nice flavor, fried tortilla had the perfect crunch and tasted like it was just fried.  Carnitas platter- pork had perfect texture.  Crunchy on the outside and nice and tender inside.
0
I just started coming here recently. I figured this was like filibertos and didn't really care for it. I decided to come one night and received great customer service and the food has been great every time.
1
Always get the beef tacos for my wife. She loves em. The staff is friendly to a gringo and don't hate on me even though they great in Spanish and I can't really give my whole order en espanol. But anyway great food and this is a place we often go to.
0
Wow, the reviews are spot on, delicious carne asada, beef taco was the bomb! I will be back and highly recommend this place!
