Sj9_p4vQ0hkRCTUgm_Pyhg
Crazy Girls Bronze Sculpture
36.124423
-115.146372
4.5
2901 Las Vegas Blvd S Riviera Hotel and Casino Eastside Las Vegas, NV 89109
89109
8
Landmarks & Historical Buildings
Public Services & Government
Local Flavor
garage
By Appointment Only
Accepts Credit Cards
Good for Kids
Wheelchair Accessible
0
5
3
RUB THEIR BUTTS FOR LUCK?  SEE THE PICTURE!  YOU WON'T BE THE FIRST . . . OR LAST! An incredible life size bronze sculpture of the Crazy Girls - the showgirls who perfom in the Riviera Hotel.  Although the hotel has gone way downhill over the last few years and is overdue for either a serious facelift or a complete tear down and start over, the sculpture known as "No if, ands, or . . . " is still bringing good luck to all that have the courage to walk up to 7 or 8 six-foot tall women and rub their butts!  After 10 years out in front of the Riviera the "butts" are now shiny and show signs of serious rubbing.  It is obvious that some folks have had the courage to try and bring some good luck to their casino nights . . . or whatever.   This remarkable sculpture was created by a life-casting artist from Arkansas, Michael Conine.  After casting the girls, he then took the forms to Shidoni Foundry, a bronze casting facility just north of Santa Fe, NM and had the entire thing cast in bronze.  After all the final details were completed it was shipped to Las Vegas and bolted to the front of the hotel, where it stands today.  A reminder of elegance of the past.  I'm sure the Crazy Girls will continue to bring luck to whomever has the courage to step forward and rub . . . and hopefully they will bring a little luck and a new life with 5 stars to the hotel.   Even if you aren't staying at this hotel and don't want to eat there, it is worth it to head over there and see this sculpture. Perhaps rub a little luck into your life!
1
I have visited the bronze a few times when I've been at the Riviera.  To me, it screams, "Las Vegas!"  What better way to celebrate the adult entertainment past and present of Las Vegas than to cast the women and have the casts made into a bronze displaying their rears at the front of the hotel. I like the whimsical nature of the bronze and I just have to smile when I see those bronze buns.  I rubbed them once but not for luck.  Just for the laughs! Go see it!
0
No trip to the Riviera is complete without taking a totally compromising picture with the Crazy Girls statue.  Grab, touch, kiss, caress and do all other sorts of naughty things to the girl's butts - its all good, cause the next people there are waiting to do the same thing! You just can't help but laugh.  From the drunk sorority girls that were there before us posing as part of the statue, to the family that came after laughing as their little girl ran up to put her hands on their butts to my husband and I kneeling to kiss them - oh so fun and so very Vegas. This is almost as much fun as the show itself!
0
2nd times a charm for bf.  look at his face he's happy
0
My favorite butts in Las Vegas and they're free to touch.
