SRCdz-tUtxjJ0bDok3uEYA
In Da Cut
36.0101940651
-115.134686809
3.5
E Le Baron Ave Silverado/maryland Prkway Southeast Las Vegas, NV 89183
89183
4
Barbers
Beauty & Spas
By Appointment Only
Accepts Credit Cards
0
5
1
Good hair cuts . Louie did a good job .
1
Best Barber shop in town.. The whole crew is good regardless but DJ is my dude.. Been getting cut by him for almost 3 years now.. Followed him around from 3 diff barber shops now.. Met him at Gerardo's and no one else has cut my hair since.. The whole team is hella cool, nice and professional.. Cleanest barber shop I've been in but still traditional.. Not only has DJ been a great barber for me but a true friend too 10/10! Highly recommend and also highly recommend DJ.. Better make an appointment tho.. Everyone's busy.. Appointments over walk ins..
0
Exellent Barber Shop!!! I recommend Mr. Mike
4
I must be sittin' in the wrong chair everytime I go cause I always have something to complain about everytime I've come to In Da Cut. Typical lackadasical choppin' your hair while on the phone, talking for days to the other barbers while you get half azz haircuts done.. I'm sure there are some decent dudes choppin' hair here but out of the three times I've been there I've only had one average cut (he didn't use straight razors to lineup) and the other two times a less than stellar experience.. 2nd time the barber didn't listen to my instructions of not lining up the front of my hair, 3rd time another barber who will go unmentioned f*cked up my razor part and finished my taper in what seemed like just 15 minutes.. Red flags considering I've had my haircut by three different barbers each time I've gone. There are much better spots to get cut and for cheaper too!  I'd come simply because it was right up the street from me but never again.
0
Don't get me wrong , I understand that a good hair cut takes time but this place is crazy sometimes It took me 3 hours to be seen and it was totally not necessary , all they do is talk to each nd stay on there phones
