t0nT_SU5KbS7qpP90MVnGw
The Lotus Acupuncture & Wellness Center
33.4785155
-112.0648947
4.5
2717 N 7th Street Phoenix, AZ 85006
85006
4
Acupuncture
Traditional Chinese Medicine
Health & Medical
By Appointment Only
0
4
0
Great service and relaxing atmosphere.
0
I have been getting acupuncture here and love it!  I had my first massage a few days ago from Zach, and will definitely be coming back!
0
I recently went to The Lotus  Acupuncture & Wellness Center for acupuncture treatment from Zach because I had caught a bug that was going around. After two treatments over two days I felt almost 100% better while others seemed to have the bug four to five days. Treatment seems to have helped. I highly recommend.
1
Zach has made me a believer in acupuncture! I had been curious of its benefits for some time and finally found a place I wanted to try. Since August, I've had 6 acupuncture appointments and am honestly feeling better physically than I have in a while.  Zach is incredibly friendly and welcoming. After a brief, but thorough review of my health history, it was time to get on the table.  Tiny needles are places at various locations depending on your ailments... I've had them from my toes up to my hands and back of my head. Not all at once of course!  It is wild how you feel muscles instantly react to placement of the needles and within moments, the completely chill feeling that overcomes you.  I nearly fall asleep within minutes of beginning treatment.  I ended up getting in a car accident and worked acupuncture into my recovery with amazing results. I had a variety of techniques including acupuncture, cupping, scraping and massage.  My bf and 2 coworkers have also been here and had great massages and acupuncture experiences.  No 2 visits will contain the same treatment, but you will leave feeling better than when you walked in.  I honestly feel I will do acupuncture for most any ailment that strikes me and I recommend you do the same! The scheduling is done online and you can typically get in for an appointment within a week if your schedule is flexible.
