tanujVP9_vk8MKCP2O0Q_A
Boston Creme
36.2769088
-115.2079082
4.0
6475 N Decatur Blvd Ste 125 Centennial Las Vegas, NV 89131
89131
5
Food
Ice Cream & Frozen Yogurt
Accepts Credit Cards
Wheelchair Accessible
lot
0
10
2
This is another self-serve yogurt shop.  Most of their flavors state they are fat free, a couple aren't.  As far as consistency it's thicker then Yogurtland.  I'd compare it more to Golden Spoon.  I like the taste and they have a good variety of toppings.  The staff is friendly and they let you sample.  The price is higher then other places at .39 an ounce and they don't subtract for the cup.
1
Yogurt is good and the service is fantastic.  The staff has a very Mom and Pop attitude.  Extremely happy, friendly, and accomodating.  They display 15 flavors at a time.  Once a flavor runs out they replace it with a different flavor.  You add your own toppings, as much as you want!  It is a very pretty and clean place.  I am a repeat customer.  I would give it a five if they had more seating and more flavors.
3
After checking out Aliante Nature Discovery Park, we stopped by this froyo place on the way home to cool off. It's your standard set-up with the self-serve yogurt dispensers and a variety of toppings that you can add on. The flavors weren't anything too out of the ordinary, but the quality was very good. Their Chocolate Sin yogurt is some of the best chocolate yogurt I've had anywhere. Other tasty flavors were pineapple, cheesecake, and tropical delight. They've got a wide ranging selection of toppings and sauces and have a few home-made concoctions to top off your yogurt like a rocky-road sauce, a bananas and praline topping and some sort of mixed berry topping. The woman working there was extremely friendly and wasn't shy about chatting.
6
The customer service was good, but the froyo and toppings just weren't impressive. The worst part was that they didn't have mochi topping. And, some of their toppings were in these horrible, dollar store dispensers. I had to shake the coconut one so hard that it looked liked a snowstorm blew through there when I finally got some out. They do not have many flavors either, only 10. They say they have 15 because they count the "mixed" versions as their own separate flavor. I don't. They sell at $0.36/ounce and the one employee there was sweet, but the froyo just didn't live up to my Vegas standard for froyo, i.e. Yogurtland, U-Swirl, etc.
0
This is a self proclaimed "Mom and Pop shop" and you definitely get that feel and I mean that in the best possible way.  It's great to see these places still exist in Las Vegas, especially in between stores like Best Buy, Panda Express, Costco, and Wal Mart.  For that alone I will continue to support them wholeheartedly. The gentleman who acted like a owner or manager, welcomes us warmly as we came in.  He pointed out some "home made" toppings in croc-pot like containers that we could use on our frozen yogurt.  Unfortunately those toppings were cold and hard to apply. On a side note we were offered some free chocolate cake served to us by what appeared to be the granddaughter of the "owner" who greeted us.  A very nice jester and typical of a "mom and pop shop" that really cares about customer service. The flavor selections were limited, and don't seem to offer that "wow" factor other frozen yogurt places do.  Nevertheless I will be back, supporting them and enjoying some good frozen yogurt along with quality customer service.
1
The best in Las Vegas.  I take my 3 girls there almost every weekend.  It's more of a mom and pop shop which they love, no 17 year old kids serving you like the other stores.  My girls prefer this place to the others that are similiar.
2
Why have i not tried this place sooner? Went in today after Chilis and I usually go to Uswirl 3-4 times a week. This is my new favorite. A little mom and pop place we were greeted right away. Flavors were deeeelish I got Vanilla cake batter and chocolate. Whoa. The best part-homemade toppings!!! They were in little croc pot type dishes and I about died for the peanut chocolate one. Little tables and very homey. PLUS a military discount and punch cards. Im in.
1
Great spot. Nice people. It is my favorite yogurt place.
0
A non-chain frozen yogurt place so it is a little bit different that what someone may be used to. I tried their peanut butter flavored frozen yogurt and it was delicious. I also liked some of the toppings they had in little crockpots. There was one that had chopped up peanuts in it and it complemented the peanut butter flavored frozen yogurt. I was also pleasantly surprised with the price. I usually get the same amount at chain places and they are twice the price!
0
Great place.  Friendly staff. Good yogurt.
