Tkcs06I2FyvORSQDgs785g
Copper Canyon Chiropractic
33.4651097
-112.3411802
5.0
1650 N Dysart Rd Ste 1 Goodyear, AZ 85395
85395
6
Physical Therapy
Health & Medical
Massage
Chiropractors
Beauty & Spas
By Appointment Only
0
3
0
I have been to a few chircoprators over the years but never as good as Dr. Skabo!!!!! He takes his time to evaluate you and makes sures he's covering everything. He even takes his time to answer questions if you have any. He even helps out with nutrition!!! Dr. Skabo is super nice and very well educated in his job and takes great care of his patients. And Cecilia, receptionist/ office manager, she is the nicest person ever and has great customer service skills...she is so personal with every patient and knows them and treat everyone as if they were family (which I happen to love businesses that do this). Office is very clean and everyone there always looks professional. Highly recommend this office to anyone!!!!!!
1
I have been coming to Dr Skabo for close to 3 years now and I have never been happier. I feel fantastic, struggled with back pain most of my adult life until I found him and his practice. The man works miracles IMO.  No sales pitch, no pressure, he is a very compassionate and smart chiropractor who will not rest until you are feeling better. I may be moving out of state and I am truly nervous I won't find a Chiro as good as him, he set the bar very high. Go see him, you will not regret it.
1
You will not regret going to Dr. Skabo. I was referred to him by a friend and I will never let him go. Now my whole family goes including my 3 year old son. As a side note he is great with children! He is good at explaining why you are hurting and even at finding the problem spots right away when you tell him how you have been feeling. He has helped me with back, hip, and all over joint pain. I cannot reccomend him enough. Super nice, very smart, and always welcoming. Cecelia is awesome she always remembers who we are and makes us feel welcome right when we enter.
