TKeBd_Pga579GMKdOWgPfQ
All-Star Pediatrics
33.378603
-111.726167
5.0
4915 E Baseline Rd Ste 110 Gilbert, AZ 85234
85234
4
Doctors
Health & Medical
Pediatricians
By Appointment Only
0
4
1
The best pediatrician EVER! Seriously. I love this practice. Everyone is so friendly, helpful and nice. Bailey at the front desk is so sweet and accommodating. Dr. Mousser is the best pediatrician you could ask for. He is very thorough and talks you through everything and makes sure you understand everything in great detail all while making you feel like a friend. You can tell he takes great pride in his job and in his practice. He makes sure every question is answered even the ones you dont think to ask. When my daughter was born I took her here after a friend recommendation and I'm so glad I did. He found a heart murmur that her other ped missed! I bring my other two kids here as well and I cannot say enough good things about this place! Make an appointment. You will love All-Star Pediatrics!
1
First time mom... and love Dr Mousser hes personable and very thorough. Super friendly and listens to your concerns like a true doc should does not brush you off. Truly cares about his lil patients and I love the office. The staff is nice and friendly! Couldn't ask for a better doc
0
After procrastinating for far too long I finally made the switch to All Star and could not be happier.  My kids were at a much larger practice before where we were always treated like strangers.  Our second visit to All Star the doctor asked how my daughter was doing from her previous visit, it was just so foreign to me for a pediatrician to be so personable.  Their one girl at the counter is far more friendly than the seven the other practice had.  I cannot say enough good things about this office.
0
All-Star Pediatrics is the place for my kiddos! Clean office, friendly staff, and a kind-hearted pediatrician. Loved my experience with Dr. Milius--he is easy to talk to, gentle, and informative (Did you know giving Tylenol before immunizations makes them less effective?). I believe the practice is fairly new and I appreciate the "small-town" vibe. Almost hate to leave such a glowing review in fear that All-Star Pediatrics will become overrun! +Bonus points for supporting my decision to "watch & wait" with baby's mild ear-infection before giving antibiotics.
