tnUud0fLmd0_K4D0liUw_g
Strive Dreams Henna
33.6473890386
-112.008452447
5.0
The Firehouse Artspace 1015 N 1st St Phoenix, AZ 85004
85004
4
Tattoo
Beauty & Spas
By Appointment Only
Accepts Credit Cards
0
4
3
Joanna 23 specializes in facepainting, henna work and mehndi designs.  You will readily see her at the Firehouse gallery in Phoenix on First Fridays making intricate designs on ladies' hands. I met her several years ago when she performed my wife's bridal mehndi for our wedding.  She did an absolutely kick-ass job with her artwork running all the way up my wife's arms.  More recently, she put a fancy henna peacock on my daughter's hand. As you can see from the pictures, she is very talented and knows her stuff.  If you're looking for mehndi work anywhere in the Phoenix metro area, by all means, call her for an appointment.
0
Jenna does amazing work! I texted her at 11AM and she showed up at my house less three hours later without me even having an appointment or having met her! She was very personable and professional all at the same time! Her work  is so fantastic! I showed her a picture from my iPhone and she did even better than the picture! I love her work and I will definitely be a repeat customer!!! Very quick and beautiful work!  If you are thinking about getting henna, she is definitely the person to see!
0
Joanna Is an exceptional Henna artist. She is honest, on time, and works hard with a big smile! She has done henna on me several times and is a pleasure to work with. I highly recommend Joanna 23 :)
0
(Posted on husbands' account) Joanna is awesome! I'm only a week out from my due date so this weekend was my last chance to get my tummy done before I deliver. We were originally scheduled for Sat, but things came up for us and for Joanna. She was able to get us in today at the last minute. She came to our house, did a beautiful job meshing the three ideas I showed her and was so professional. She also has the best pricing I've found anywhere. I would recommend her to anyone interested in henna. Thanks Joanna!
