TYKNzOftMZbn0D33Uu0L5w
Safeway
33.7577018
-111.9916814
3.0
29834 N Cave Creek Road Cave Creek, AZ 85331
85331
9
Bakeries
Grocery
Shopping
Florists
Food
Flowers & Gifts
Accepts Credit Cards
Wheelchair Accessible
lot
0
6
1
I am super stoked I am the first one to review this Safeway! This is the Safeway in my hood. If Cave Creek is the hood?  I don't actual do a lot of my shopping at Safeway. It is split between Costco, Target, and here. I have a few staples I come in for and that's about it. The odd beer run as well. There produce is always very fresh and well stocked. I mostly by my vegetables and the occasional fruit bunch here. The cashiers are always very nice and fast. They also don't mind when I walk in with about 5 minutes to go before closing. I also frequent the gas station here and steal me ma's fuel rewards! Thanks Claud!  I heart you Safeway!
0
I'm not sure why such a good review, this store is always cluttered and seems dark.   Check the dates as we have purchased items that were out of date on multiple occasions.    Too much competition in the area to spend time in an average store.
1
I tried to give them another chance.   They baited me in with the 30% off wine sale.   I thought ok, sure.....why not.    I went last night and purchased 6 bottles to receive the additional 10% off.   Today I went back to find another wine I wanted and met with the  wine department manager.    She was snotty and walked away from me while I was trying to understand why they don't carry the specific wine.     Thanks but I don't need the drama.   The sale was nice but I'm out!
1
employees can be rude and slow at times. a little on the high side for prices so if you want to not spend a lot on food i suggest going to fry's across the street. gas prices are high too when you can go across to circle K for gas that is 5 cents cheaper. but if you do shop here a lot you get point which can earn you a discount on gas.
0
Check the expiration dates! This location is notorious for having expired stock. It's poorly staffed & the few times I've brought expired items up front, I've been confronted with staff that were not the least bit interested. I avoid shopping here.
0
Very clean grocery store.  The staff is so friendly.  I love the the Starbucks and clean area to hang out.
