U5F3-Z44SZiqHjka3-kYnw
The Joint ...The Chiropractic Place
33.4949763
-111.9897417
4.5
4290 E Indian School Rd Ste 119 Phoenix, AZ 85018
85018
3
Health & Medical
Chiropractors
By Appointment Only
0
6
0
The Joint is perfect for those with no insurance, or no insurance coverage for chiropractic care, which is more common this year.  Also for those who have busy schedules and can't always schedule ahead of time.  It is quality care in a pleasant setting.  The doctors are qualified and informative.  I would recommend it.
1
This place is the best for meeting your chiropractic needs if you want fast convenient service. The experienced staff is friendly and eager to meet your needs. The prices are very reasonable and they have different plans available to meet your needs. I have found great relief after adjustments with Dr. Conway. I highly recommend this location for anyone looking for a positive chiropractic experience.
3
Open on Saturday!!!!  That alone is worth its weight in gold.  I cannot tell you how many times I wanted to go to the chiropractor but couldn't make their office hours.  This place is set up a lot like Massage Envy were you can buy a membership for $50 a month but that gets you 4 adjustments a month.  Which is a great deal.  I pay the drop in rate since I go when I need. (like today) I have been to this location and before this one opened I went to the Camelback location.  Every doctor I have seen has been fantastic and your in and out.  The locations are clean and service is always good.  I highly recommend.
0
Jason is great!  He has always taken good care of me.
1
Quick and Easy.  Walk-ins accepted.  You can be in and our in less than 15 mintues!  I love the fact that they do not go through your insurance and have a "monthly pass" so to speak.   $49 for 4 adjustments = 1 per week = $12.25 per adjustment.  You cant beat that with a stick.  Most insurance companies have you pay a copay (between $10-$50).
0
I woke up a week before my marathon so sore I could barely move. I needed help. After reading the positive review here on yelp, I went to my first chiropractic visit. Like others have said, Dr. Conway was knowledgeable, professional and took away the pain in one visit!
