u6Z-fEnHY1LgD0h2sGVSiA
Gentle Dental Associates & Spa
33.670332
-111.910872
5.0
7900 E Thompson Peak Pkwy Ste 102 Scottsdale, AZ 85255
85255
4
Health & Medical
Dentists
General Dentistry
By Appointment Only
0
5
1
Dr. Cooper is THE nicest guy on this entire earth!!!  He has always been SOOOOOOOO good to me.  And, he always calls me after the appointment to check in with me!   I send everyone to him and whilst my dad was visiting from the UK I sent him to Dr. Cooper and once again, EXCEPTIONAL!!!  There will never be another dentist in my life!!!
1
Dr Cooper is the GREATEST!! He is the best dentist I have ever had. My boss recommended him and I will never go anywhere else. He makes you feel so good and even gives hugs sometimes!  I have always been so deathly afraid of dentists but not anymore! His staff is also really great. If you're on the fence about your dentist- RUN to Dr Cooper. He rocks!!
0
The best experience I've ever had at a medical office- from the front desk staff, to the hygienists, to Dr Cooper.  It doesn't get any better from a knowledge, technology, or customer service standpoint.  Outstanding!
0
I'll echo what others have said - Dr. Cooper is an EXCELLENT dentist who not only does great work, he really cares about his patients.  I discovered Dr. Cooper from the previous Yelp reviews and needed a dentist in AZ as I had moved from out of state. In addition to the regular cleanings, I had to have some additional work done (replacing some old fillings that had failed and get 2 new ones) over the course of about 3 years.  Dr. Cooper always told me exactly what needed to be done, showed me the issue on his comuputer (via xrays he had taken), and documented the work digitally so I could see before, during, and after shots if I wanted to.  Dr. Cooper also calls you after a procedure to ensure that you are doing OK which I always appreciated. Finally, Dr. Cooper wasn't on my insurance plan so they only covered "reasonable and customary" charges.  Despite this, Dr. Coopers prices were fair and they always could give me an esimated out of pocket cost prior to doing the work. If you are in need of a dentist in North Scottsdale, I'd highly recommend Dr. Cooper.  I only wish I could still see him as I moved to CA but have already found another great dentist courtesy of Yelp!
0
Dr. Cooper has always been great to go.  My wife and daughter that were terrified of the Dentist can go to Dr. Cooper and feel relaxed.  His staff is always pleasent.
