ueGdEChyilGkiVKQqo0iLA
Marcos Pizza
36.143945
-115.064099
4.0
5061 E Sahara Ave Sunrise Las Vegas, NV 89142
89142
11
Pizza
Restaurants
Take-out
Outdoor Seating
Takes Reservations
Good For Groups
Delivery
Waiter Service
Accepts Credit Cards
Good for Kids
Wheelchair Accessible
0
7
1
Their thin crust pizza is just amazing and their delivery times are always really good even at peak hours. The online ordering system they use is better then the big chains hands down. My only grip is they are a bit pricier across the menu and their wings are mediocre at best.
0
Their best pizza is the square cheap pizza. Very good
0
We went to this place after a friend recommended it to us. Their pizza is delicious and different from what you can get anywhere else. The service was fast and friendly. Only thing I didn't like was that it was a tiny bit pricier and the pizza was really greasy.
1
Marcos Pizza is good for a quick and cheap pie.  Nothing special but not bad either.   I made the order for 2 large pizzas.  One with just cheese and the other with sausage and mushrooms.  15 minutes later I made the drive to pick them up.  They were already ready when I walked in.  Paid the cashier and brought them to my folks place.   I'm more of a fan of Joey's Pizza in this part of town.  But, trying something new, every once in a while, is good to appreciate what you like, or to find a new favorite. I would probably order another pizza here as my folks like it more than I do.
0
Great pizza it's different from your ordinary pizza places i recommend this place if your ever near by this location . Pizza was made fresh and tasted amazing .
0
Pizza was really good, fresh ingredients, overall tasty pizza. Their veggies were really fresh, not like most pizza places where they usually are soggy & slimy.
0
This review is based on my first visit. The pizza was hot and full of flavor. The pepperoni has that genuine sausage-y flavor that you get at real pizza shops. We also ordered a chicken, spinach, white pizza that was delicious. It's not too pricey if you order with a coupon.  I love the online ordering option, You can build a custom pizza online or alter their signature or special pizzas.
