UFC4jwI-Cc8Gyg_nHnW-xQ
Allergy Asthma Clinic
33.491722
-112.078416
4.0
300 W Clarendon Ave Ste 120 Phoenix, AZ 85013
85013
5
Allergists
Doctors
Medical Centers
Health & Medical
By Appointment Only
0
5
1
I've been getting my allergy shots done for more than a year here and am a pretty happy camper. They have the best hours in this part of town, and are open late on Wednesday night until 7. The nurses are really friendly and more importantly, they have a great selection of trashy gossip magazines to pass the time.
1
I can dissertate on less than good allergy treatments, sinus surgeons and their styles, quack cures for peculiar diagnoses, and the misery of it all when it goes bad.   I worked very hard to find Dr. Schroeder's Office.  It's been an excellent experience.  Consistenly on the list of Phoenix' Best Physicians.  Publishes in Elsevier medical publications, spent a lot of time with me as we got established in my treatment regime.  When people have allergies, I tell them to head here.    Sometimes I meet people I already knew coming in for their allergy shots.  Since a requirement is waiting 20 minutes to check for bad reactions, I get in some nice conversations.  They also have pretty good magazines.
0
Very friendly, very helpful and close to my home.  If they weren't jabbing me with needles every week I'd give them five stars.
1
I have been coming here for two years since my allergies started going berserk. I have had allergies all my life but was always able to control them with OTC medicine. Two years, the OTC medicine wasn't working and I had enough. This office ran breathing and allergy tests and were able to tell me what I was allergic to. I went on weekly allergy shots for the first year and then bi-weekly allergy shots during this last year (2nd). I had always been intensely allergic to cats but knew the shots were working when I could be in homes with cats and barely a twinge in my nose. The office employees are friendly and the good ol' doc is great. My only caveat to this place is the hours. The allergy clinic side is only open 3 days a week (M, W, F). Since most holidays occur on a Monday or Friday, that leaves only them open two days a week during a holiday week. Other than that, I think this place is great!
0
Excellent at what they do. If they were open for allergy shots on Saturday it would get a 5* rating.
