UL6H7LGaeM4X0p8OJ3h1aw
Ararat Mediterranean Restaurant
33.430535
-112.345359
4.0
10210 W McDowell Rd Unit 120 Avondale, AZ 85323
85323
13
Greek
Mediterranean
Restaurants
Take-out
Outdoor Seating
Takes Reservations
Delivery
lunch
Waiter Service
Accepts Credit Cards
Good for Kids
Good For Groups
Wheelchair Accessible
0
4
4
This restaurant is right next to the Gateway Crossing Harkins Movie Theatre, so Hubby and I decided to check it out. The interior is small, impeccably clean, and very modern, with a number of custom made pieces of art and metal sculpture. Service was immediate and very attentive, almost to the point where I felt a little watched. We had hummus, which was tasty at first, but the garlickiness became overwhelming after a while. The pita was warm and plentiful. We both had a chicken meatball soup which we agreed was a little strange, but tasty. Hubby decided to try the mexi-gyros which was the standard gyros sandwich but loaded with bell peppers, onions, and jalapenos. He said it was the hottest thing he's ever eaten in Phoenix and is right now crashed on the bed moaning a little. No need to say more. I had the beef kabob, which was a little on the chewy side, but not overdone as far as the cooking process goes. It was too overdone on the marinade spices, for my taste however. The truly outstanding part of the meal was the heaping serving of jasmine rice- flavorful and perfectly done.
1
Four of us went here today for the first time. The service was wonderful and the food was great!!! We all had different items and we all enjoyed ourselves. Portions large and salads fresh. We all agreed that it was some of the best Mediterranean food we have had. We will return!!
0
We have been eating at this place for 2 years...  LOVE IT! My husband and I always order our usual: Chicken Kebabs with rice Gyros Pita Platter with fries The best soup of the day is the chicken meatball.   YUMMY!
1
I can't believe this place shut down.  It was our favorite Greek restuarant.  Ugh, I am so bummed!  The staff was friendly, the food was AWESOME and we were never disappointed.  We'd been going there for a few years and then one day, poof!  Come back Ararat's!
