Upru5VE0jZ81ZQVVNCK_uA
Sonic Drive-In
33.4804795
-112.0096143
3.5
3330 E Thomas Rd Phoenix, AZ 85018
85018
14
American (Traditional)
Fast Food
Restaurants
Take-out
Accepts Credit Cards
Drive-Thru
Outdoor Seating
Caters
Delivery
Has TV
Takes Reservations
Waiter Service
Good for Kids
Good For Groups
0
5
0
Wow really bad service tonight! The lady was rude and cut me off 3 times. Then i asked a simple question and was ignored until I pushed the button and got another girl on the intercom. Really disappointed.
0
I always feel silly reviewing a huge chain, but my service here last week was so friendly and great I had to get my Yelp on! They offer several manager's specials and of course half-priced drinks and other various specials depending on time of day.  I was picking up some grub for a buddy who had been helping me with man stuff at my house all day, and got him a humungous M&M Sonic Blast.  They also put up with my special request to add caramel sauce to said Blast.  ('Cause it wasn't unhealthy enough yet...?).  They also gave me ample ketchup for the two orders of tots I got.  There's nothing worse than getting home to realize there's just not enough. There was a small young-ish family sitting outside and the awesome carhop, Elizabeth, brought out a handful of balloons for the kiddos.  Who can resist a balloon?!? Warning: you cannot leave a tip on a credit card payment.  I HATE that...especially when there is no warning. I'm left feeling like a d-bag cheapskate, but luckily Elizabeth took it in stride as she didn't have enough change to break the only paper money I had on me.
3
Somehow I always end up moving or helping a friend move in the dead heat of a Phoenix summer. This is the only time I want a soda, and the only time I really go to Sonic. Summertime + moving = Rt 44 Diet Cherry Limeaide.
1
Pros: My best friend was here for a visit from VA, where they don't have this fast food restaurant. She has actual cravings for their drinks and jalapeño poppers. She loved them. I got a diet Route 44 strawberry limeade. Very refreshing. Fast service.  Cons: Greasy fast food. I prefer McDonald's fries.
0
Sonic is great. Great beverages and treats. This particular location is good. I have never had any issues with them.
