uteTdmSs0NflwcLTY8rNSw
Love Thai Cuisine
36.1438684
-115.1614533
3.5
332 W Sahara Ave The Strip Las Vegas, NV 89102
89102
12
Thai
Restaurants
Take-out
Accepts Credit Cards
Outdoor Seating
Caters
Delivery
Has TV
Takes Reservations
Waiter Service
Good for Kids
Good For Groups
0
3
0
My one star is not on the food per se. Its on the location. I don't know who's bright idea it was to come here, and im sure the food might be amazing. We didn't get far enough to try. First off it is very confusing when trying to locate this because its inside the bar. We saw a plack on the wall with the name and decided to go inside and ask someone. We walk inside and were greeted by 25 black people awkwardly staring at us. I think they were having a party in there because there was loud music and catering. Now I have no problem with that, what I do have a problem with is how everyone kept gawking at us and giving us dirty looks.  We asked the bartender where the restaurant was and he told us we were standing in it. Ok thats cool, we would have stayed and gave it a shot. But there was no where to sit. So we said F' it and left. I love hole in the wall places. This comes too close to an actual hole in the wall.
0
I have had Thai food from here twice now and haven't been disappointed! Potstickers and curry, noodles and soup are sooo good! While you wait you can gamble and drink at Red Label!   HOWEVER, Delivery STINKS!  I had friends over to our house (4 miles from the restaurant) and decided to order in.  When I called to order no one answered - ever.  So I called the Red Label bar and asked to place an order with the restaurant, it sounded like the chef was sitting at the bar! The chef does not speak English well at all and he's a one man show (takes the order, cooks it and delivers it), so all in-house orders go first and anyone wanting delivery just has to wait...and wait.....and wait.  We placed our order at 8:15pm and called three times to check on it.  An hour and a half later we received our food (actually it was almost 2 hours).   The guy makes some mean Thai and I will continue to eat here - I will just never get it delivered again!  He maybe needs a delivery person or a new business plan?
0
Sonny has the best Thai Food in Town! He is known for his fried rice & World-Famous Chicken Wings! Get Strip presentation with locals prices. He delivers as well. Love ya Sonny!
