uXuXFobQe3WcbUPtcx-2yQ
Ulta
33.711091
-112.1122766
3.0
2501 W Happy Valley Rd Phoenix, AZ 85085
85085
8
Hair Salons
Shopping
Cosmetics & Beauty Supply
Beauty & Spas
By Appointment Only
Accepts Credit Cards
Wheelchair Accessible
lot
0
7
0
good place to buy the women in your life a gift. except the always try to sign you up for IN STYLE magazine. AND they have my ISSEY MIYAKE cologne.
1
Every time I've ever been to this location I've been disappointed by the staff who are very rude. I only go here if I need to buy something that only they sell, other than that I avoid this location!
0
Called this location to reschedule an appointment, after approximately 10 rings, someone pick up on their end then hung up.  I called back again, after approximately 5 rings a young lady named Meagan answered with an annoyed "Ulta, can I help you?".  I attempted to explain the reason for my call, and I was answered with another annoyed, "What? I can't hear you."  By that time I was annoyed, so I just hung up.   Customer service is not this location's strong suit.  The employers need to school their employees on phone manners.  If you want customers to keep coming back, professionalism is highly recommended regardless of how your day is going.   Needless to say I will be canceling my appointment  (in person) instead of rescheduling and shop a different location from now on. Regards,  Former loyal customer
0
Love coming here.  They have the normal drug store cosmetics and beauty supplies and the high end as well all in one store.  Can't beat that.
0
Just moved to this side of town a couple months ago and was looking for a new place to get my hair cut. I'm pretty picky since a lot of stylists will treat a guy with long hair like they're a woman and you end up with a ridiculous hair cut. I went in to Ulta yesterday and spoke at length with a stylist there who was very helpful. She then set up an appointment for me to get my hair cut with a different stylist. I was very happy with hair cut itself and all of the information and advice they provided. I plan on using them from here on.
0
Love love this ultra. I get my eyebrows done there. They are amazing. My eyebrows are always perfectly shaped after!!!! They also give me makeup tips there!!
0
The stock was not that good especially since it was during the holidays. I really didn't like the need to search for the price of things since it wasn't on the items or anywhere near the item. Disappointed in many ways.
