vB3vEjcw9dfHmgP8ac5ZMQ
Dairy Queen
33.6548149
-112.0637783
3.0
761 E Union Hls Dr Phoenix, AZ 85024
85024
15
Food
Ice Cream & Frozen Yogurt
Fast Food
Restaurants
Take-out
Accepts Credit Cards
Drive-Thru
Outdoor Seating
Caters
Delivery
Has TV
Takes Reservations
Waiter Service
Good for Kids
Good For Groups
0
10
2
Cookie dough blizzards & mint Dilly bars, 'nuff said!
0
Dilly bar. Say it with me. Dilly bar.
1
Surly old lady working the counter on my day and believe me, I caught the vibe quite clearly and won't be back.  Ice cream didn't taste quite right, and the Blizzard ingredients seemed stale and unchewable.  Yuck.  Tummy gurgles for an hour after consumption.  Not good.
1
Great prices and fresh food ...
0
Good place with cheap tasty food.
0
I've only been to the drive through, so I'm only reviewing this portion of service. They are always friendly and quick to get our ice cream orders. We've never ordered food, just frozen treats. the prices are getting a little high, but the yummy-ness is worth it.
0
Stopped here for a blizzard since I had a $5 gift card.  My daughter saw that they had a $5 lunch special and decided to get that instead.  It came with a medium drink, 3 chicken strips, medium fries, and a small sundae.  I thought it was a great deal!  And I "think" the chicken is actually real and not like the "Golden Arches" nuggets that are factory made.   The location was clean inside and the staff was mostly young, high school age kids but very friendly.
0
Been through the drive-through a few times. Never any errors and they're always friendly!
0
Dairy Queen!!  We go through the drive thru mainly at this location.  The soft serve is fabulous, I love it dipped in chocolate!  The blizzards always have a lot of toppings- no skimping at this location.  The hunny and I like the Reese peanut butter cup blizzard or the Oreo blizzard.  One time we accidentally got the wrong order and tried the fudge brownie cheesecake blizzard with extra fudge on the side and we thought it was a little too rich.  We still ate the whole thing, as usual of course!
0
This is a clean and efficient DQ. You can't say that about them all... We love this DQ, they are always kind, courteous, friendly & efficient... Never a complaint here. The staff seem to all be interested in doing a great job. Food is always hot and or cold where applicable... They all seem genuine in wanting to work here...
