vnY8-SmO_kUmTRVw2BJqmA
Inka Si Senor
36.1635637
-115.244522
2.5
845 S. Rainbow Blvd Westside Las Vegas, NV 89145
89145
9
Latin American
Restaurants
Take-out
Outdoor Seating
Waiter Service
Takes Reservations
Accepts Credit Cards
Good for Kids
Good For Groups
0
5
0
As those who regularly read my reviews know by now, I'm a sucker for latin food.  Inka Si Senor does not disappoint.  Finally the rest of the world is catching up with what South Americans have always known, Peruvian cuisine is among the best in the world.  Now Las Vegans can taste for themselves. More specifics coming soon....
1
definitely some good peruvian food. vegas should really invest on more peruvian restraints.
0
half mexican half peruvian. I didn't try the mexican menu because I wanted peruvian food, and man it was nasty! everything was pre-prepared and was not at all authentic. their papas a la huancaina was not at all(in taste, presentation, ingredients, anything!) like in huancayo, and never in peru have I seen ceviche drowning in a creamy, white sauce! their chicha morada had no purple corn taste, only sugar, lemon and cinnamon.
3
my friend and i came here for lunch and ordered several dishes with great difficulty...our server did not speak any english and the interpretor (another customer) was extremely nice, but made some really bad recommendations.  one particulary bad dish was a mound of potatoes and mayonnaise topped with canned tuna.  we also ordered some peruvian alcoholic drinks which was...let's just say it was...um, interesting... will not be returning until i do more research on peruvian cuisine so my next visit to a peruvian restaurant, i will be making some educated choices
0
WOW..........all I can say is that the reviews for this restaurant under its original name Inka Chicken were so bad they change the name & took down the worst of the reviews. Bad, Bad, Bad, stay away unless you know the new owner personally, only then you might get good service & not get ignored. Don't be fooled Che Inka is the same place.
