WgAG5p6oSKPheFRjbWKdnQ
Panchero's Mexican Grill
43.0755641
-89.4432635
3.0
3256 University Ave Madison, WI 53705
53705
16
Mexican
Restaurants
Take-out
Accepts Credit Cards
Outdoor Seating
Caters
lot
Good For Groups
Delivery
Has TV
dinner
Takes Reservations
casual
Waiter Service
Good for Kids
Wheelchair Accessible
0
8
0
Great place on the near west side to get inexpensive, fresh, fast food.  Love the made to order tortillas.
0
Ashley H is drunk or owns stock in this chain. No offense Ashley, but you said: " The thing which they use to differentiate themselves is that they make their tortillas from dough when you order and also "bob" it...which apparently means mixing the filling of the burrito when you order." They do neither, at least not with me. They threw a tortilla on the warming plate, then just filled it with the same boring bland choices I get at Qdoba and Chipotle. The end result, the same awful, bland, boring shit. Now there are three places, exactly the same and turning out the same poor quality of food.
1
I got a burrito bowl, and it was actually really fresh and tasty. Maybe the cilantro lime sauce? I thought it was expensive for what it was though -- a small (very small) bowl of basically vegetables for $7.  Now that I'm writing this, it probably deserves 3 stars (fast service)... but it's 99% the same as Qdoba, but on the other side of University. Just doesn't stand out.
0
Really less quantity and totally dis-interested service .. Wasted my money here today ..
0
Fast service, friendly staff.  Not a huge selection, similar menu and prices to Chipotle but better rice.
0
It was an okay burrito. It's a chain of course, but i prefer Chipotle's burritos over this one. Nice fresh made tortillas though! Obviously not authentic Mexican, but nice to have more than burgers and fries on a menu.
0
Typical Mexican fast food chain. BUT THEY BOB IT! But other than that, there's virtually no difference. Slightly cheaper than Chipotle's and Qdoba's, though not as tasty. You win some, you lose some.
0
The food was okay.  Minimal selection.
