wK8MTiEbW2dY0n51dyb3ug
Phoenix Carpet & Upholstery
33.61675
-111.992606
5.0
4115 E Winchcomb Dr Phoenix, AZ 85032
85032
7
Home Services
Carpet Cleaning
Flooring
Local Services
Office Cleaning
Professional Services
Accepts Credit Cards
0
4
4
This is my Dads company and he's been servicing the valley for over 30 years. He's not your typical carpet & floor cleaning guy. He really knows his trade and can make any floor ( carpet, tile, & stone ) look brand new!!  Check his website for more info and give him a call. He & I stand by his work 100%
2
I am so happy that I chose Phoenix Carpet and Upholstery to clean my carpets!  Paul (the owner) was on time, affordable and efficient.  Paul took the time to explain the treatments he was using and when he was finished my carpets looked brand new!  Thanks Paul!
1
The only thing that truly disappointed me...was when I saw how little reviews this amazing carpet cleaning business has right now!  After receiving world-class customer service paired with quality carpet cleaning and professionalism, I would have expected Paul (the owner) to have at least 500+ 5 star reviews. For me to give anything 5/5 stars is saying a lot because I'm very picky when it comes to quality customer service and customer care.  Here's the bottom line, choose Phoenix Carpet & Upholstery for your carpet/furniture/tile needs if you: 1) Want the most bang for your buck. 2) Need quality cleaning done  3) Timely  4) Expertise 5) Friendliness 6) Don't want to deal with hidden costs and a business that actually cares about your needs!  Thank you so much! The first thing my bf said when he came home from work was, "Wow, our place smells great! Ahhh - feels so nice to get it done - wow, I can actually see the true color of our carpet again!"  -Cathy
0
Paul was on time, professional and instructive. He made my neglected carpets look better than I hoped they could. They look new again. Didn't think it could happen. I will definitely use this company again. Oh, and price was right!
