wQxIw6IoFCV6wg3l3dJugQ
Fat Willy's Clubhouse Pub & Grill
33.4176828798
-111.649857759
3.5
650 N Hawes Rd Mesa, AZ 85207
85207
9
American (Traditional)
American (New)
Restaurants
Take-out
Takes Reservations
Has TV
Accepts Credit Cards
Good for Kids
Good For Groups
0
6
2
Sometimes the service is a little slow. But it's worth the wait for the black n bleu burger. Mmm
0
The service was slow but friendly when my friend and I ate on the patio on a Thursday evening two months ago.  We had a great view of the golf course during sunset.  Unfortunately, my burger was overcooked (which it usually is at places like this).   It's a great, tucked-away spot extremely close to my home so I was hoping it would be a bit better visit than it was.  I haven't been back yet, but am willing to give it another try based on it's proximity to my house and the great view.  Just please don't overcook my burger this time!
0
I've gone to the other fat willys locations and the vibe is usually great and thought I'd come here for lunch. This is a golf bar and grill so it's mostly old people, but compared to the other fat willys this place has way better food. I recommend the philly. Was delicious.
0
Played golf at Viewpoint in the early morning and afterwards had their breakfast, french toast, eggs and sausage. Service was okay for 8 people and the server was friendly. I'm a breakfast person and this meal hit the SPOT. I'll definitely will be back.
0
The service is generally poor. When the food is good, it's generally very good but it's inconsistent - we've had cold chicken strips, fries, . . . We go because it's convenient for us and sometimes it's very good - consistency is lacking.
0
I was here for a special event, and I was charged $4 for a soda water with lemon. In my decade of bar tending I've never charged a designated driver for a non-alcoholic drink, let alone charge a patron for a "soda" when they asked for soda water. I believe the bartender just put the money in her tip jar. I was planning to tip for the waters, but to be charged is absurd. I'll never frequent any of the Fat Willy's Bars again.
