wwpNjF3q72-VPC2pLNve5Q
Carl's Jr.
36.172541
-115.2448385
4.0
150 S Rainbow Blvd Westside Las Vegas, NV 89145
89145
15
Burgers
Fast Food
Restaurants
Take-out
Drive-Thru
Outdoor Seating
Caters
Delivery
Has TV
lunch
Takes Reservations
Waiter Service
Accepts Credit Cards
Good for Kids
Good For Groups
0
4
2
So this is like one of the ONLY places open at 9 am ... when I go to lunch... that is right 9 am lunch ... which is more like brunch or breakfast.  But since I wake up at 4 am and have breakfast pretty early... 9 am is definitely lunch.  I typically get one of two items here ... Either the teriyaki burger... which I actually dreamed I ate last night.  OR the Sante Fe Chicken Sandwich.. (mmmm green chile) This location always has really good food, and really good service. Also their Dr. Pepper is not too bad either. Will I be back... yeah and not just because my options are limited.
0
I've been eating at Carl's for years and they have always been pretty good as fast food burger joints go for sure. The Western Bacon Cheeseburger is very good, the Grilled Barbeque Chicken sandwich is likewise delicious and the Cross-cut Fries are an excellent accompanyment for Carl's burgers. Lately though I've fallen in love with Carl's Turkey Burger. I've been trying to make the occasional "healthy choice" and this burger fits the bill when I need to grab something on the fly. This sandwich is served on a toasted whole wheat bun with plenty of lettuce, tomatoes and onions and a deliciously juicy turkey patty. Turkey patties tend to get somewhat dry when cooked, but Carl's does a good job of keeping the burger moist and succulent. If you're trying to eat health this burger is a great place to start. BTW, this location is great! I use the drive-thru here with great regularity and the service is excellent. The location is very convenient, near the intersection of Rainbow and Westcliff and they are generally not too busy.
0
Carl's Jr.  Is comfort food from my childhood, and I'll always eat there when I can.
0
April was very polite and pleasant. Of all of the bad customer service we receive everywhere she was a nice change. She had a smile and sweet voice. Good job April.  This is rare in this town. Always love the food here too.
