WzbFGc_YmDeCuRWDrGCNKQ
Great Steak and Potato Co.
33.435529
-112.0085884
2.0
3400 E Sky Harbor Blvd Phoenix, AZ 85034
85034
14
Fast Food
Sandwiches
Restaurants
Take-out
Drive-Thru
Outdoor Seating
Delivery
lunch
Takes Reservations
Waiter Service
Accepts Credit Cards
Good for Kids
Good For Groups
Wheelchair Accessible
0
7
2
Worst of airport food.  Since the owning company is in Arizona, they obviously need to come out unannounced and do a quality check.  The meat was very gristle ridden and almost flavorless. Salt and pepper are desperately needed.  The onions were totally under done and the meat seemed precooked so it was overcooked when served.  The fries were not completely cooked.  They should strive to be like Charlies in the Atlanta airport and less like an greedy food vendor who doesn't care about quality.
2
This had to be the worst chesesteak I have ever had or seen. The meat is such a low grade that I wouldn't have trusted giving it to my pets. The steak was so tough, tasted so bad, and smelled unlike any meat I have smelled before. Located in Sky Harbor in terminal 4, I highly warn you to avoid this place and go to one of the many better choices located in the airport. The counter you order from was dirty, messy, and unappetizing, similar to how the cooking area behind it.  Terrible! No stars!
1
Had a layover in Phoenix and this place was the only appealing food joint in our concourse. (concoure 4) The philly cheese steak was good. I have admit it was cheesy, melted in my mouth, and tasted good. I do not like the fries though. The fries felt it was cooked an hour ago and sat under a heat lamp. They have enough seating for probably 50 people, but i had trouble maneuvering with my bag between the chairs and tables. It's really expensive $12 for a combo. If you're hungry and have a long lay over, go to a different concourse and find food there. Not good.
2
While waiting for our flight to leave we stopped here to get a bite to eat. Since it was the only place that looked decent. Combo meals are expensive...$12. Staff members are NOT friendly at all. The guy making our food had a piercing on his lip...it was a huge diamond color stone. When I say huge... I mean HUGE. When they handed me my food I said, "thanks!". And got no reply in return.  Seating area was not large enough. We had to wait around for a seat to clear up.  Food was okay. Fries were not good. I was looking for some seasoned salt, but they had none. Overall.... I hope to never have a layover in Phoenix again....
1
not having ever tasted Pat's or Geno's in Philly, this was a pretty weak sandwich.
0
Let's face it... this place is in an airport, so its crazy over priced, and the food is so so. You can't really expect anything more than that
0
Lost orders, no ice, soda machine MIA, miscounted change. Pure chaos.
