X-fnn9TzVO-3U8hYBGf3Hw
Thaku's Mens wear
33.4992218018
-111.926452637
5.0
4320 N Scottsdale Rd Scottsdale, AZ 85251
85251
6
Local Services
Shopping
Fashion
Sewing & Alterations
Men's Clothing
Accepts Credit Cards
0
5
0
My boyfriend is in need of a suit in a major way.  His size is uncommon and hard to find and he didn't have time to get a custom suit made.  He's 6'7" and the Men's Wearhouse and other stores didn't offer anything of quality at a reasonable price.  We ventured into Thaku's on Scottsdale Road just South of Camelback on Saturday morning and found a very helpful staff. The gentleman at Thaku's knew we were coming and had pulled a few suits from their other location so we had more choices.  My boyfriend was fit with a quality suit at a very competitive price.  Some alterations were necessary and Thaku's was able to complete the suit in time for our event. Any tall, short, or big men can easily find something that fits well at Thaku's.  They have a variety of style to select from - business suits to casual wear.
0
What an outstanding mens store. Great high end tall and big  mens clothes.  They offer clothers at different points for all size.  Its the best mens shop in Arizona
2
I can not buy suits off of the rack to my large athletic frame, several places said that whatever I would buy from them would need to have the panels cut, the pockets moved the lapel moved and it probably would not look just right.  Most other places I called had very long waits after the fitting to receive the suits.  I was referred to Thaku's, called them that day, spoke to Neal and he said to come down, I did and was shown first class service, bought 2 new custom tailored suits that will be available for fitting in 3 - 4 weeks and will build my professional wardrobe with them in the coming months. Love this place, they have a new loyal customer. Thank You Neal for your help. Carl Modrick
0
Came in on a Saturday with two hours until an event and was in need of a dress shirt. Neil greeted me right away, measured me accurately and with a bit of discussion on my fit and style preferences he had several great selections laid out for me. I was very impressed with the fit, quality and selection of the clothing and ended up buying a second shirt just because. I will be back as frequently as I can as I loved the amazing service and knowledgable staff. Thanks for taking great care of me, see you soon!
0
Such a wonderful establishment. Kash and his brother Neil do a fantastic job outfitting my older fathers wardrobe. Anytime he needs anything they are more then happy to help, and accomidate our busy schedules. And if they need to order anything for you they make sure to call you when it arrives.  Thank you so much Kash and Neil for awesome service.
