XDHl0TiHGBsVDeMI4OAdEw
The Egg & I Restaurant
43.0342511
-89.4217489
4.5
2501 W Beltline Hwy Ste 111 Madison, WI 53713
53713
15
Food
Specialty Food
Breakfast & Brunch
American (Traditional)
Restaurants
Take-out
Accepts Credit Cards
Outdoor Seating
Delivery
Has TV
breakfast
Takes Reservations
Waiter Service
Good for Kids
Good For Groups
0
4
1
I've seen this place from the Beltline but never had the opportunity to stop.  Today I had to get an oil change nearby and took advantage of proximity.    We were warmly greeted and seated immediately.  A comfortable booth, well lit and clean.  My dining companion needed to use the facilities and remarked that the were high end!     Our server came promptly, was smiling and very pleasant.  Our order was taken, beverages arrived shortly and food soon followed.  I had the corned beef hash and poached eggs.  My companion had a avocado/chicken omelette with salsa and fresh fruit.    The only negative is the coffee; typical diner quality, but with all the good roasters in Madison, it would have been nice to have a quality cup.     So, give this place a try.
3
Before I moved to the far east side of Madison, The Egg & I was my go to weekend morning breakfast joint.  I would sure like to know what brand of coffee they are serving, because it is absolutely delicious!  They have ample serving sizes and tons of seating! Huge parking area! What I enjoy most about this restaurant is the fact that they are only open for breakfast and lunch. The quality of their food shows that they can put more effort into making a great breakfast vs. planning for the dinner menu later in the day. What a great concept! If I had to suggest ordering one thing, it would be the green chili (as a side for dipping and spreading on eggs and potatoes). It's pretty fantastic!  I also enjoy the fact that they have so many choices for other side orders and bread choices. Sour dough! My favorite! As for the lunch menu, they have burgers, salads, and sandwiches. nothing too specials. Just great prices quality food.  Honestly, I wish that they would expand and make a new Egg & I on the east side of Madison. You would find me eating there at least once a month.
0
Staff is nice, friendly & helpful... coffee is hot & plentiful... prices were reasonable... food yummy! Restroom was kinda strange... shared with other local businesses in building... but kept clean...
0
Just had my first meal here, service was friendly but slow, but no worries, I wasn't in a hurry and she was new :) I built my own omelet for $8.99 3 eggs with turkey sausage, mushrooms and feta includes toast and ranch potatoes or grits. I only ate half my food, huge portions, but now I got food for supper tonight :) I really liked this place, I will be back.
