XfIOLkocJrlKku0mZFZQkw
Pipefitter Ltd
43.0749325
-89.3940385
4.5
520 State St Capitol Madison, WI 53703
53703
8
Tobacco Shops
Shopping
Home Decor
Home & Garden
Gift Shops
Flowers & Gifts
Accepts Credit Cards
Wheelchair Accessible
0
6
0
Love this store and their inventory. You find here funny t-shirts,  funny door mats,  gag gifts and more. Forks that extend across the table, grow your woman toys. Funny, inappropriate greeting cards. My kind a place to entertain my friends and family. Also carry cool jewelry made from fruit pits. They  have a sales section in the middle  of the store 50% off  selected t-shirts.
1
HAHA! Good ol' Pipefitter's!! I actually refer this store as the Bong Shop. I have never seen so many Bongs, bowls and any other weird contraption like things to smoke your "tobacco" out of. No, I'm not into the wacky tabacy but some of the bowls they have are absolutely gorgeous. They are hand blown glass and most of them are kept in a glass case because they are pretty expensive.  The rest of the store is pretty much like a Spencers. Tons and tons of gag gifts, t- shirts, cards, books. Anything you can think of..and yes tons of stuff for you pervs out there! lol! :)~ Everytime I visit Madison I make sure to drop in and just look around..very entertaining!
0
A fun place to visit whenever you're walking down State Street, just for the sake of looking at all the eyebrow-raising gag gifts and clever accessories that they sell. The selection of glass pipes is somewhat limited, and I don't have a lot of confidence their quality. On top of that, the prices here are pretty damn steep, making Pipefitters much better for a place for window shopping than for actually picking up something you'll like.
0
You know, the staff here is pretty fantastic I'd have to say. I don't know any of em' personally, but for the few times I've been in, and they're spot on with their sense of humor.
2
A fun little store on State St. that sells gag gifts and hookahs. I got a door mat that says "Butter my butt and call me a biscuit, look who's here!" It's going to look great in front of my door. They also have an awesome selection of greeting cards for any occasion. Pretty sure you will not be able to resist and end up buying a bunch of things you don't really need but are cool.
0
The people who work here are very approachable. My friend was looking for incense but they didn't have any, all they had was scented candles but they were able to recommend my friend a place where he could find some, I'm sure the candles would have been nice. At least they were friendly.
