XjGFroEU-9Rct-3l7ynnHQ
Blue Burger Grill
33.4941704
-111.9260519
3.5
Scottsdale, AZ
AZ
13
Burgers
Restaurants
Take-out
Drive-Thru
Outdoor Seating
Caters
Delivery
Has TV
Takes Reservations
Waiter Service
Accepts Credit Cards
Good for Kids
Good For Groups
0
4
5
The prices are definitely for The Boulders crowd (very expensive).  The simplest burgers are $10.00 and most are around $15.00. Well the burgers got there fast and were good. But I question the over $30.00 for two burgers....and that was without drinks!!  I am pretty sure my waitress was more concerned about socializing than doing her job. We were 1 of 6 parties there and there were 2 waitresses and one guy behind the bar with 1 hostess.
2
Tried to use a gift card purchased from the Blue Burger in Peoria as a gift. The owner would not accept it and the manager felt bad and offered us a desert.  It was disappointing how they handled this situation. I don't plan on coming back but to the one in Peoria so we can use the gift card.
0
Yes, the burgers aren't cheap, but it's the best burger around.  The only better burger I've had is The Counter in LA.   BBG makes your burger as you ordered it, and offers a great selection of toppings.  Fries are even included in the price!  I always stop by when I'm in town visiting relatives.
0
I've been a customer at the Blue Burger restaurant at the Summit for years now. I go there over and over primarily for the quality and consistently excellent preparation of the food. It has an excellent cooking and serving staff. Santos the chef and Collette the server are great! May I say that everyone who works at B.B. is excellent. It has a superior wine bar, and Jude (B.B. manager) is an expert in that area. They have great wine specials, as well. It's not just burgers, but soups, salads and pasta dishes are also on the menu. My favorite is a caesar salad and a turkey burger. Great location, lots of parking and reasonable prices make Blue Burger at the Summit a great choice for lunch or dinner. Russ C., Carefree, AZ.
