xLOntRXa7coOD-MEJJ35Uw
Lampe Chiropractic
36.0364844
-114.9900277
4.0
133 W Lake Mead Pkwy Ste 200 Henderson, NV 89015
89015
5
Doctors
Health & Medical
Naturopathic/Holistic
Chiropractors
By Appointment Only
0
5
1
Dr. Steve is a great chiropractor!  He offers gentle adjustments and often adjusts his schedule to meet the needs of his patients.  His office staff (Linda) is very friendly and extremely helpful.
0
Dr. Lampe is wonderful.  I ask a million questions and he answers them all.  He takes x-rays before he works on you, then he takes x-rays after adjustments to make sure you've improved.  I'm a wimp and everything hurts me but Dr. Lampe did his adjustments very gently.  I have noticeable improvements after a few sessions with him.  His office manager Linda is so cheery and helpful, she actually makes time spent at the doctor's office fun.  I wouldn't go to anyone else.
0
Dr. Lampe is great.  He addresses all your needs and really goes the extra mile.
0
Been going here twice a week for a couple of weeks and Dr. Steve has really helped me. My back and hip was hurting me A LOT. I couldn't even sleep on my left side which is horrible since that's the side I sleep on.  He took x-rays, explained everything to me in great detail and made an action plan to heal my degenerating parts and pieces.  I am very pleased with his work and his front office manager is very kind and professional. I plan on remaining a patient at this clinic as long as I'm in Vegas.
0
Before you go, note this is a different type of chiropractic technique. Dr.Lampe uses the muscle stimulating machine, the neck stretching device and the vertebrae clicker tool more than his own hands. If you have a serious issue, you may want to see a few different chiropractors before committing to a 3x per week for 6 weeks program at $25 per visit. If I could get my money back from Dr.Lampe ($450) I would!  Dr.Lampe was totally off with my pain diagnosis and really took advantage of my situation and my generous insurance. I went to a medical doctor and a spine surgeon before another chiropractor found the source immediately and I was cured in only 4 visits! Do your homework people!
