Z0evoKfI4VionxWjV7mtVw
Windows At Bally's Las Vegas
36.1143003477
-115.172904412
3.5
3655 Las Vegas Blvd. South The Strip Las Vegas, NV 89109
89109
15
Arts & Entertainment
Nightlife
Music Venues
Good For Dancing
Happy Hour
background_music
live
video
karaoke
Outdoor Seating
Coat Check
Has TV
Accepts Credit Cards
Good for Kids
Good For Groups
0
3
0
Make sure you leave enough time to deal with parking
2
Windows is a relatively tiny, newly renovated showroom on the second floor of Bally's Las Vegas. The name must be obviously attributed to the floor-to-ceiling, West-facing windows with a surprisingly beautiful, unobstructed view of the Las Vegas strip.  Windows is quite a hidden gem featuring some very low-key shows, one which happens to be a most excellent show recently relocated from Plaza Hotel downtown: The Phat Pack (http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-phat-pack-las-vegas). Residencies Some other shows, in addition to The Phat Pack. also calling Windows home are the following:  *Dancing Just Like the Stars! *Paranormal: http://www.yelp.com/biz/paranormal-las-vegas *Rocky Horror Picture Show *Tony and Tina's Wedding: http://www.yelp.com/biz/tony-and-tinas-wedding-las-vegas Box Office The box office for this showroom is located on the first floor near Signatures gift shop. They also keep a lists for certain will calls -- at least for The Phat Pack -- at the maitre d' stand near the bar.  Lines of Sight Seating is properly designed so that the chairs are already naturally parallel with the stage, unlike at other showrooms (including the Plaza's), where one may be seated looking to the 3 o'clock, or 9 o'clock, in relation to the stage, instead of a more useful, head-on twelve.  Epilogue Windows is a nice space with a really professional staff, and competent enough box office. What truly lets Windows shine as a showroom is the recent investment in the soundsystem and flat screens. "I'm a fan." - E
2
Windows is a showroom created from a former meeting room on the second floor of Bally's past the Poker Room.  There are escalators and elevators to the second floor. I went to see a new production - "Divorce Party: Las Vegas" and this showroom is perfect for that kind of smaller production.  There were a couple hundred people there last night, and there were still some seats left.  Seating is divided into two "classes."  The non-VIP people sit in seats that form a somewhat U shape with all seats facing the stage.  Right along the edge of the stage, there is a row of round tables with the four seat setup which is common to many Las Vegas showrooms. The staff at the showroom were quite quick at seating everyone who had been waiting in a long line in the hallway prior to the room's opening.  The cocktail waitress was around often so anyone wanting a drink could easily order from her or go to the bar themselves. I won't review the new show.  I put the photo of the set for the show here so you'd have an idea of what the showroom is like.
