zU8IfotOLryhaz5okWx6cA
Pete's Fish & Chips
33.45111
-112.001533
3.0
3715 E Van Buren St Phoenix, AZ 85008
85008
10
Seafood
Fish & Chips
Restaurants
Take-out
Takes Reservations
Delivery
Waiter Service
Accepts Credit Cards
Good for Kids
Good For Groups
0
6
4
Came here when I was out visiting some folk in the desert and thought this place was ok. I don't really like fish and chips but they had plenty of options for me to chose from. I got the chicken strips and was a little disappointed. I kind of thought that a fish and chips place would also have good strips but I was wrong. I don't think that they were much better than something I would get at Jack n Box. I did however try one of my buddies jumbo fried shrimp. Mmmm good.
1
Lived in the valley my entire life...never once been to Pete's.  A couple of my co-workers begged me to go.  They praised how good it was..even have the bumper sticker on the wall of their cubical.  Fish tacos were actually REALLY good and the burger was large for a 1/3lb.  I was quite impressed.  I'll be going back!
2
Consistent quality and service.  Burgers and fish were both good.  Yummy!
1
This is the location I went to before I moved to WA, where Dick's Drive In is probably the equivalent, minus the fish. 3 stars because it's not stellar, but it's not bad. Reliable home of the Monster Burger, before Jack in the Box stole the name and put E Coli on the map.  The service and food were always good and predictable, and I never got sick from eating at Pete's. A lot of 5 star joints can't make that claim.
3
I heard a lot about Pete's Fish and Chips, so had to give it a try. I went after work, however noticed in the drive thru line that it said "cash only" and no $50 or $100 bills. Unfortunately, all I had was a card on me, so just went home instead. Determined to try it, I went the next day and tried the Seafood Combo Platter that included 2 fish, 7 shrimps, and fries. The menu was very large and had various items. It was delicious for fast food seafood! The shrimp was huge, fish was large square-shaped, and the portion size was very large! It could easily be shared among two people. I was also happy to see that they had Horchata. I will definitely be back!
0
This location is CLOSED.
