zvFhC2Lywo6e8UaRTVj7sw
Dairy Queen
33.435696
-111.548809
2.5
2290 N Apache Dr Apache Junction, AZ 85220
85220
15
Food
Donuts
Juice Bars & Smoothies
Desserts
Ice Cream & Frozen Yogurt
Take-out
Accepts Credit Cards
Caters
lot
Delivery
Has TV
Takes Reservations
Waiter Service
Good for Kids
Good For Groups
0
7
0
Amazing -- I ordered the same sundae I ordered at a Mesa DQ yesterday and was charged $1.04 more for it here.  That ain't sales tax and when I asked about it, I got a lot of lip.   So, if you like price-gouging by a staff with an attitude, c'mon down to fashionable Apache Junction!
0
gotta love dairy queen.  This one has good service and seems clean.
0
Went hiking in the superstitions. Great day, we are driving back to Scottsdale and I see the DQ sign. I haven't had a peanut buster parfait since college in 1980. I hit it pretty hard. You aren't going to live forever you know?
1
I love Dairy Queens and "have never met one that I didn't like" but this one comes close. It is dirty. The windows are gross. The landscaping needs lots of attention. They turn off the Pepsi machine so you can't get a refill. This store needs lots of attention.
0
Very dirty very slow and bad customer service. They should be embarrassed. And they charged me 35 cents for mustard. WTF
0
The crew at this Dairy Queen is having one big party.  I witnessed one crew member giving away ice cream sundaes to two of his friends.  A constant stream of friends coming in and out, schmoozing with the employees.  We ordered two burgers.  One was wrong.  Then I ordered a single vanilla cone.  The girl rang up two.  When I called attention to it, she corrected it.  After she got my money, she turned around and proceeded to pull two cones.  She plainly didn't have her mind on her job.  This place needs some serious attention to crew training and security.
0
Filthy filthy resturant, the cooler system they used to hold items had mold, filthy booths, dirty windows, run down building, 0 dollars are going back in to the appearance , or equipment I could see from the counter , the ice cream was good, but I coulndt get over how dirty and old the place looked . I would bet DQ, would shut this one down , if they seen this joint!
